A 22-year-old man comes to the emergency department with a persistent, painful erection he has had for the past 6 hours. The patient has had similar episodes that lasted 1-2 hours but resolved spontaneously. He says his symptoms started this morning without provocation when he woke up. The patient recently started a summer job working outside pouring concrete. Medical history includes sickle cell disease; he has not taken any medications other than his usual folic acid. The patient does not use alcohol or illicit drugs. On examination, the penis is rigid, and the glans is soft. The scrotum is normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management? 0 A. Administer a packed red blood cell transfusion 0 B. Administer an intravenous beta blocker 0 C. Administer sublingual nitroglycerin 0 D. Aspirate blood from the corpora cavernosa 0 E. Insert a urinary catheter Submit A 59-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to lower abdominal pain. The patient has had 2 days of fever, chills, dysuria, and pelvic pain; this morning, he was unable to pass any urine. He has never had similar symptoms before and has no history of chronic urinary or bowel issues. Medical history is significant for hyperlipidemia and coronary artery disease. Temperature is 39 C (102.2 F), blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg, and pulse is 98/min. Suprapubic fullness and tenderness are present. Digital rectal examination shows an edematous and exquisitely tender prostate. The external genitalia are normal. A suprapubic catheter is placed, which drains 800 ml of urine. Laboratory examination reveals the following: Complete blood count Leukocytes 17,800/mm3 Serum chemistry Creatinine 1.7 mg/dL Urinalysis Leukocyte esterase positive Nitrites positive White blood cells 10-20/hpf Which of the following is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy for this patient? A. Azithromycin0 B. Clindamycin0 C. Doxycycline0 D. Levofloxacin0 E. Nitrofurantoin0 Submit A 10-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to penile pain. Two hours earlier, he was practicing martial arts with his older brother when he was accidentally kicked directly in the groin. The patient had severe pain at the time of impact and continues to have moderate pain but no nausea or vomiting. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 118/62 mm Hg, and pulse is 88/min. The pelvis is stable and nontender to downward pressure. The medial thighs and perineum appear normal. The dorsal aspect of the penis has moderate bruising and swelling. There is a small contusion on the left hemiscrotum. Bilateral testes are nontender to palpation, have normal contours, and retract with stroking of the medial thighs. The patient gives a urine sample, which is pinkish red. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis 0 B. Examination of the prostate 0 C. Foley catheterization 0 D. Oral analgesics and outpatient follow-up 0 E. Retrograde urethrography 0 F. Testicular ultrasound 0 Submit A 4-year-old boy is brought to the office by his mother due to constant itching, redness, and white discharge around the penis. The redness around the glans began 1 week ago, and he was seen 5 days ago in the office at which time gentle retraction and foreskin hygiene was recommended. His mother has been appropriately cleaning the area, but the redness has not improved. The patient has no chronic medical conditions, and his vaccinations are up to date. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, pulse is 76/min, and respirations are 16/min. The abdomen is soft and nontender, and the bladder is not palpable. The penis is uncircumcised, and the glans penis is erythematous with thick, white discharge around the glans when the foreskin is retracted. There is no phimosis or paraphimosis. No urethral discharge or inguinal lymphadenopathy is noted. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Chlamydia and gonorrhea nucleic acid amplification testing Q B. Potassium hydroxide microscopy Q C. Reassurance and continue routine foreskin hygiene only Q D. Topical steroids followed by circumcision 0 E. Urine culture A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department with abdominal pain. Two hours ago, the patient was playing in a lacrosse match when he suddenly developed severe, persistent pain in his right lower quadrant with associated nausea. He experienced no trauma to the abdomen and has had no fever, vomiting, or diarrhea. The patient has had similar episodes over the past 3 weeks following lacrosse matches, but these episodes resolved shortly afterward with rest. He has no history of groin or scrotal swelling. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. He is sexually active with 1 partner and uses condoms inconsistently. Temperature is 37.7 C (99.9 F). The abdomen is soft, nontender, and nondistended. There is scrotal erythema and edema; the right hemiscrotum is tender to palpation. The pain is worsened when the scrotum is elevated, and the scrotum does not transilluminate. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? A. Epididymitis0 B. Incarcerated inguinal hernia 0 C. Infected hydrocele 0 D. Testicular hematoma 0 E. Testicular rupture 0 F. Testicular torsion 0 Submit A 12-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to rash and difficulty breathing. Symptoms started acutely after she was stung by a bee while playing soccer. Her coach says that the patient developed full-body hives, difficulty breathing, and vomiting before the ambulance arrived. She has a history of moderate persistent asthma. Medications include inhaled fluticasone twice daily and inhaled albuterol PRN. On arrival, temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 114/min, and respirations are 28/min. Pulse oximetry is 91% on room air. Examination shows a thin girl in moderate respiratory distress with hives on the trunk and extremities. Diffuse wheezing is heard on auscultation, and the patient has mild tenderness to abdominal palpation. Intramuscular epinephrine is administered, with resolution of symptoms and normalization of vital signs. However, an hour later, she has worsening hives, mild wheezing, and an additional episode of emesis. Repeat respiratory rate is 18/min and pulse oximetry is 97¡/o. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Emergency intubation0 B. Inhaled albuterol 0 C. Intramuscular epinephrine0 D. Intravenous dopamine0 E. Intravenous methylprednisolone0 F. Venom immunotherapy0 Submit A 64-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to fever, chills, flank pain, and lethargy for the past 2 days. Temperature is 38.9 C (102 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 120/min. The patient has right costovertebral angle tenderness. Leukocytes are 16,000/mm3 and urinalysis shows pyuria, many bacteria, and positive nitrites. ECG shows sinus tachycardia. A central venous catheter placement is planned for intravenous therapy and hemodynamic monitoring. After the patient's chest is appropriately prepared and draped, a needle is inserted just lateral to the angle of the left clavicle and a triple lumen catheter is placed into the left subclavian vein. Each lumen is flushed with sterile saline after obtaining blood return. The catheter is sutured in place to the skin and a sterile dressing is applied. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Antibiotic through the catheter 0 B. Bedside echocardiography 0 C. Fluid bolus through the catheter 0 D. Portable chest radiograph 0 E. Repeat ECG 0 A 32-year-old man is brought to the emergency department following the sudden onset of excruciating left-sided chest pain. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 160/90 mm Hg, pulse is 125/min and regular, and respirations are 20/min. The patient is anxious and agitated and is sweating profusely. Both pupils are dilated, and the nasal mucosa is atrophic. Heart sounds are regular with no murmurs or rubs. The lungs are clear on auscultation. An initial ECG shows ST-segment depression and T-wave inversion in leads V4-V6. The first set of cardiac enzymes, including CK-MB and troponin T, is normal. Chest x-ray reveals no acute abnormality. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Cardiac catheterization 0 B. Close observation 0 C. Intravenous diazepam D. Intravenous metoprolol0 E. Thrombolytic therapy 0 Submit A 34-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after being shot in the right thigh during an attempted robbery. The patient is awake, alert, and in moderate distress. Blood pressure is 101/49 mm Hg and pulse is 122/min. Records indicate that his last tetanus vaccine was a year ago. Physical examination shows a gunshot entry wound on the anteromedial upper right thigh with an exit wound on the lateral thigh. There is a hematoma at the entry site but no active bleeding from either wound. The right lower extremity is cool to the touch and distal pulses are feeble. Radiography of the lower extremity shows no fracture. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Blood transfusion and close observation 0 B. Compression dressing and prophylactic antibiotics 0 C. CT angiography of the right lower extremity 0 D. Doppler ultrasonography of the lower limb vessels 0 E. Urgent surgical exploration of the wound Submit A 23-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a motor vehicle collision. The patient was found unresponsive at the scene and intubated by the paramedics, who also administered 2 L of normal saline. He was the unrestrained driver. Upon arrival, blood pressure is 72/54 mm Hg, and pulse is 120/min. The patient responds to strong vocal and tactile stimuli by opening his eyes. Pupils are equal and reactive to light. Neck veins are distended. There are multiple bruises involving the anterior chest and upper abdomen. Chest x-ray reveals a small, left-sided pleural effusion and normal cardiac contours. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Aortic rupture 0 B. Bronchial rupture 0 C. Cardiac tamponade 0 D. Esophageal rupture 0 E. Lung contusion Submit A 36-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to weakness and dizziness on and off over the last 3 days. She has had no chest pain or shortness of breath. The patient has no significant medical history. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. The patient's father had a myocardial infarction at age 68. BMI is 23 kg/m2. Physical examination shows normal breath sounds. There are no heart murmurs. The extremities are normal. ECG tracing is shown in the exhibit. Bedside transthoracic echocardiogram shows no structural abnormalities. Which of the following is the most appropriate next diagnostic study for this patient? 0 A. CT angiogram of the chest 0 B. Exercise stress testing 0 C. Hearing evaluation 0 D. No additional testing E. Serum TSH level 0 Submit ©UWorld ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 28-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to palpitations and a feeling of her heart racing for the past 3 hours. Over the past year, she has had similar episodes that resolved with deep breathing, but this episode has lasted longer. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, caffeine, or illicit drugs. Blood pressure is 100/68 mm Hg, and pulse is 164/min and regular. The neck is supple, the thyroid is normal, and there is no lymphadenopathy. The lungs are clear to auscultation. ECG is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? Q A. Abnormal automaticity of the ventricular conduction system Q B. Abnormal electrical circuit around scar tissue Q C. Disorganized atrial activity originating in the pulmonary veins Q D. Two distinct conduction pathways in the atrioventricular node Submit ©UM o d, C ©_Zoom In 0_ Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 16-year-old girl is brought to the urgent care clinic after passing out. The patient was sitting at her desk in school when she gradually slid out of her desk to the floor and lost consciousness. The patient was unresponsive with her eyes closed for 20 minutes. She states, "I felt weak before I passed out, and I felt my head throbbing after it hit the floor". The school nurse documented her blood pressure during the episode as 128/76 mm Hg and pulse as 78/min. After the episode, the patient was alert and wanted to resume her school activities. She has no medical history. The patient is awake and alert. Her head is atraumatic. The pupils are equal and reactive to light. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Hearts sounds are without murmurs. Muscle strength is 5/5 in the upper and lower extremities. Gait is normal. ECG is normal. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Cataplexy0 B. Conversion disorder 0 C. Long QT syndrome 0 D. Seizure disorder 0 E. Vasovagalsyncope0 A 76-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by ambulance due to confusion. Her husband says that she has metastatic esophageal cancer and has been unable to eat or drink for the last few days. Yesterday, she became increasingly lethargic, and today, she is hard to arouse. Temperature is 37.1 C (98.8 F), blood pressure is 80/30 mm Hg, pulse is 60/min, and respirations are 30/min. Pulse oximetry is 95% on room air. The patient appears lethargic but opens her eyes to verbal stimuli. Mucous membranes are dry. A peripheral IV is placed, laboratory studies are ordered, and intravenous fluids are started. An ECG tracing is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in management? 0 A. Administer atropine 0 B. Administer calcium gluconate 0 C. Administer magnesium sulfate D. Administer norepinephrine0 E. Apply transcutaneous pacing0 Submit ©UWorld ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 59-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to 2 hours of vague chest discomfort. The discomfort started suddenly while the patient was watching television. He has no other symptoms. Blood pressure is reported to be under control with hydrochlorothiazide. The patient has a 30-pack-year smoking history. Vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination shows clear lungs and normal heart sounds but is otherwise unremarkable. ECG is normal. The first set of cardiac enzymes is within normal limits. Chest x-ray is shown in the image below. Which of the following is most likely contributing to the pathophysiology of this patient's condition? 0 A. Coronary vasospasm 0 B. Degenerative aortic disease 0 C. Impaired distal esophageal peristalsis r'\ .. .. .. Which of the following is most likely contributing to the pathophysiology of this patient's condition? 0 A. Coronary vasospasm 0 B. Degenerative aortic disease 0 C. Impaired distal esophageal peristalsis 0 D. Longitudinal tear in the esophagus 0 E. Malignant lymphadenopathy 0 F. Sliding hiatal hernia Submit A 39-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to chest pain that started 8 hours ago while she was changing her 4-day-old baby's diaper. The pain, which has been unrelenting and has prevented her from caring for the baby and her 3 other children, is substernal and very uncomfortable, radiating to her neck and left arm. The patient reports no shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting, or sweating. The pain does not worsen with exertion or deep breaths. The patient has no medical history. She is afebrile. Blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 106/min, and respirations are 18/min. Pulse oximetry reading is 100% on room air. On examination, the patient appears uncomfortable. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally, and heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is soft and nontender with a normal postpartum uterus. There is no lower extremity edema or swelling. Chest x-ray is normal. ECG is shown in the exhibit. Laboratory results are as follows: D-dimer, plasma 2.67 µg/ml (normal: <0.5) Troponin T, serum >80 ng/ml (normal: <0.04) Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Cardiac tamponade 0 B. Complete heart block 0 C. Coronary artery dissection 0 D. Pericarditis0 E. Pulmonary embolism 0 A 17-year-old boy comes to the emergency department due to palpitations. He has had prior episodes of "chest fluttering" that were short-lived, but this episode is sustained. He is preparing for school examinations and has a high level of stress. The patient appears diaphoretic and uncomfortable on examination. Blood pressure is 110/75 mm Hg and pulse is 210/min. Pulse oximetry is 99% on room air. An ECG is immediately obtained and shows a regular, narrow complex tachycardia. An intravenous bolus of medication is administered and results in abrupt cessation of the tachycardia. A follow-up ECG is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's current condition? 0 A. Accessory atrioventricular pathway 0 B. Cocaine use 0 C. Dilated cardiomyopathy D. Hyperthyroidism0 E. Hypokalemia0 F. Long QT syndrome 0 ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 72-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to severe left lower leg pain and tingling that came on abruptly several hours ago and has since become increasingly painful. Medical history is significant for hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, and osteoarthritis. The patient has a 45-pack-year smoking history. Blood pressure is 142/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 112/min and irregular. On physical examination, the left lower extremity skin appears mottled and is cool to the touch. The distal pulses of the left leg are not palpable. There is a right carotid bruit. Which of the following medications could have best prevented this patient's acute condition? 0 A. Apixaban 0 B. Aspirin 0 C. Cilostazol 0 D. Clopidogrel 0 E. Diltiazem 0 F. Metoprolol Submit A 62-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to chest pain. The patient had occasional episodes of chest heaviness yesterday. Two hours ago, he had burning midline chest pain that lasted 30 minutes. The patient took aspirin on the way to the hospital; he currently has no chest pain or other issues. Medical history is significant for diet-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus. The patient is an ex-smoker with a 20-pack.year smoking history. He has no known drug allergies. Blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 82/min and regular. Oxygen saturation is 95% on room air. BMI is 32 kg/m2. The lungs are clear on auscultation. There are no heart murmurs. Peripheral pulses are full and symmetric. ECG shows normal sinus rhythm with T-wave inversions in leads aVF and Ill. Cardiac troponin I level is 2.1 ng/mL (normal: <0.01 ng/mL). This patient would benefit most from which of the following? A. Apixaban0 B. Ibuprofen and colchicine 0 C. Nasal cannula oxygen0 D. Nitroglycerin infusion0 E. P2Y12 inhibitor 0 A 26-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to an episode of near-syncope. The patient's husband states that they were at a buffet 20 minutes ago, when she suddenly experienced severe weakness and dizziness. The patient almost fell, so he helped her sit. She also had nausea, abdominal cramping, and a generalized itching sensation but no chest pain or shortness of breath. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. She is menstruating, and her husband says that she usually has heavy periods. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 20/min. On physical examination, the patient is ill.appearing with flushed skin and warm extremities. The lungs are clear to auscultation, and cardiac examination is normal except for tachycardia. The abdomen is soft with mild, diffuse tenderness, and bowel sounds are normal. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia. In addition to intravenous fluids, which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Antistaphylococcal antibiotics0 B. Intramuscular epinephrine0 C. Intravenous proton pump inhibitor0 D. Supportive care only0 E. Synchronized cardioversion0 F. Type 0, Rh-negative red blood cell transfusion 0 Submit A 69-year-old man undergoes coronary artery bypass grafting and aortic valve replacement surgery. He has a history of aortic stenosis, coronary artery disease, and hypertension. The surgery is uncomplicated, and the patient is extubated and transferred to the stepdown unit on postoperative day 2. That night, he experiences the sudden onset of weakness, chest tightness, and shortness of breath. On examination, he appears in moderate distress. Blood pressure is 70/30 mm Hg, pulse is 154/min, and respirations are 26/min. Lung auscultation reveals bibasilar crackles. ECG rhythm strip is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Amiodarone 0 B. Defibrillation 0 C. Diltiazem 0 D. Direct current cardioversion 0 E. Lidocaine 0 F. Transcutaneous pacing Submit ©UWorld ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 32-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to excruciating, sudden-onset chest and neck pain. He has no history of dyspnea, chest pain, or lower extremity edema. Height is 196 cm (6 ft 5 in) with long extremities. The hand joints show significant extensibility. Pectus carinatum deformity is present. Which of the following additional findings is likely in this patient? A. Audible S30 B. Early diastolic murmur0 C. Fixed splitting of S2 0 D. Opening snap 0 E. Pericardia! friction rub0 0 F. Pulsus parvus et tardus Submit A 62-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to progressively worsening shortness of breath and nonproductive cough for 1 week. The patient has become more symptomatic since this morning; she is unable to complete sentences and says she "can't breathe," especially when supine. The patient has a recent history of breast cancer treated with a mastectomy followed by radiation and chemotherapy. She has no history of heart or lung disease and has never smoked. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 160/100 mm Hg, pulse is 130/min and irregular, and respirations are 30/min. The patient is sitting on the edge of the bed. She appears restless and is using accessory muscles of respiration. Cardiac examination reveals an irregularly irregular tachycardia with normal heart sounds. Neck veins are distended. Bilateral crackles are heard on chest auscultation. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Dobutamine0 B. Intravenous fluids and corticosteroids 0 C. Noninvasive positive pressure ventilation0 D. Oral anticoagulation0 E. Pericardiocentesis0 A 62-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to sudden-onset, severe abdominal pain 2 hours ago. The patient states that he suddenly felt weak, diaphoretic, and without energy. Medical history includes hypertension, dyslipidemia, sigmoid diverticulosis, and irritable bowel syndrome. He has a 30-pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol on occasion. Temperature is 36.8 C (98.2 F), blood pressure on arrival is 88/64 mm Hg, pulse is 117/min and regular, and respirations are 18/min. Physical examination shows a diffusely tender abdomen with flank ecchymoses. There is no rigidity or guarding. Bowel sounds are present. During the examination the patient becomes pale and drowsy. Intravenous fluid boluses are started. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the abdomen 0 0 B. Focused abdominal ultrasound 0 C. Laparoscopy D. Serum amylase and lipase 0 E. Upright abdominal x-ray 0 Submit A 78-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a brief episode of syncope. Since yesterday, he has been fatigued and lightheaded. The patient has no chest pain or palpitations. He has a history of hypertension, stable coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia. Blood pressure is 82/44 mm Hg. The patient appears lethargic and mildly confused. The lungs are clear to auscultation. The extremities are cold and capillary refill is 3 seconds. ECG is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Adenosine 0 B. Amiodarone 0 C. Atropine 0 D. Glucagon 0 E. Norepinephrine Submit ©UWorld ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 36-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to chest pain that started suddenly while she was shopping at the mall. She also has shortness of breath, palpitations, and diaphoresis. The pain is retrosternal and radiates to the left arm. There are no aggravating or relieving factors. She appears to be in mild discomfort. On review of systems, the patient reports having had a runny nose, sore throat, and dry cough for the past 3 days. Her other medical problems include panic attacks treated with paroxetine and dysfunctional uterine bleeding treated with estrogen. Family history is significant for her father's sudden death at age 44 from a heart attack. The patient has a 15-pack-year smoking history. Her blood pressure is 144/90 mm Hg and pulse is 104/min and regular. Her body mass index is 29 kg/m2 . Which of the following is the most appropriate initial therapy for this patient? A. Acetaminophen0 B. Aspirin0 C. Heparin0 D. Ibuprofen0 E. Lorazepam0 F. Oxycodone0 Submit A 65-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to chest pain and shortness of breath for 1 hour. Prior to the onset of symptoms, he was preparing steak on an indoor charcoal grill. He has never had similar symptoms before. He takes metformin for his diabetes. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 120/78 mm Hg, pulse is 114/min, and respirations are 24/min. Oxygen saturation is 96% on room air. On examination, the patient is drowsy and confused but acknowledges chest discomfort. Pupils are mid-sized and reactive to light. The chest has bilateral crackles. Cardiovascular examination reveals a normal S1 and S2 and no murmur or gallop. Neurologic examination shows no localizing weakness. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia with T-wave inversion in anterior leads. Cardiac troponin I level is elevated. Venous lactate is elevated. Chest x-ray reveals bilateral infiltrates. Emergency cardiac catheterization shows no acute coronary occlusion. Which of the following is the best next step in management? A. Benzodiazepine therapy 0 B. Carboxyhemoglobin level0 C. CT chest scan without contrast0 D. CT pulmonary angiogram 0 E. Discontinue metformin and observe 0 F. Transesophageal echocardiogram 0 Submit A 68-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to chest pain. The patient was hospitalized 2 weeks ago with chest pain and was diagnosed with a non-ST elevation myocardial infarction. Percutaneous coronary intervention was performed with placement of a drug-eluting stent in the left circumflex artery. The patient has taken all medications as prescribed, including aspirin and clopidogrel, and has limited physical activity to prevent "overexerting the heart." He was feeling well until last night when he began having sharp, left-sided chest pain, which worsens with deep inspiration. The patient also feels short of breath but has had no fever or cough. Other medical conditions include hypertension and hyperlipidemia. He smokes half a pack of cigarettes daily but has not smoked over the past 2 weeks. Temperature is 38.1 C (100.6 F), blood pressure is 116/84 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 20/min. Oxygen saturation is 92% on room air. BMI is 30.2 kg/m2. The patient appears in mild respiratory distress. The lungs are clear on auscultation and there are no cardiac murmurs. There is mild right lower extremity edema, and the distal pulses are full. ECG shows sinus tachycardia with nonspecific T wave changes. Serum creatinine is 0.8 mg/dl and troponin I is 0.4 ng/ml (normal: <0.01 ). Chest x-ray shows normal cardiac size, small left pleural effusion, and no lung opacities. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT pulmonary angiography 0 B. Emergency coronary angiography 0 C. Ibuprofen and colchicine therapy 0 D. Myocardial perfusion stress testing0 E. Serial ECGs and troponin levels0 Submit A47-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to chest pain. He says the pain is sharp and substernal, and it began this morning. Swallowing and deep breathing make the pain worse. The patient reports that 3 days ago he had a sore throat and muscle pains, but these symptoms are currently resolved. His medical history is otherwise unremarkable. The patient does not smoke or consume alcohol. He has no significant history of cardiac disease in his family. Temperature is 37.9 C (100.2 F), blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 20/min. There is no tenderness with palpation of the chest wall. During cardiac auscultation, a scratchy sound is heard at the left sternal border just before S1, again between S1 and S2, and then faintly just after S2. The lungs are clear on auscultation. ECG reveals a sinus rhythm with PR segment depression in both precordial and limb leads. Laboratory values are as follows: Leukocytes 9,000/mm3 Creatinine 0.9 mg/dL Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Acetaminophen0 B. Azithromycin0 C. Heparin infusion 0 D. Ibuprofen plus colchicine 0 E. Low-dose aspirin 0 F. Naproxen plus prednisone 0 G. Nitroglycerin0 H. Oxycodone0 I. Prednisone0 Submit A 57-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after being found confused and agitated in a park. Medical records indicate that he has a history of schizophrenia, alcohol use disorder, and liver cirrhosis. The patient states that he has not been taking his medications "because they never help." Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 160/80 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 24/min. On examination, the patient is disheveled and disoriented, claiming that FBI agents have been chasing him. His breath smells of alcohol. Pupils are equal and reactive, and the neck is supple. The abdomen is distended but nontender. The skin and mucous membranes are dry. There is mild edema in both lower extremities but no deformity. Laboratory results are as follows: Serum chemistry Sodium 128 mEq/L Potassium 4.0 mEq/L Chloride 88 mEq/L Bicarbonate 20 mEq/L Blood urea nitrogen 26 mg/dL Creatinine 2.0 mg/dL Glucose 60 mg/dL Ammonia 110 µg/dL Ethanol 140 mg/dL During evaluation, the patient is initially cooperative but becomes increasingly aggressive and combative. For safety reasons, he is given intravenous haloperidol and lorazepam. Shortly afterward, the cardiac monitor displays the rhythm shown in the exhibit. Which of the following most likely contributed to this patient's abnormal rhythm? 0 A. Elevated blood alcohol level 0 B. Elevated blood ammonia level C. Haloperidol adverse effect0 D. Lorazepam adverse effect 0 E. Low glucose level0 F. Low sodium level0 A 56-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to chest pain. An hour ago, he woke up with severe, burning, retrosternal chest pain accompanied by sweating and left arm numbness. The patient's symptoms subsided with aspirin and sublingual nitroglycerin administered by the paramedics; he currently rates the pain as 4 on a scale of 0-10. He has had no nausea, vomiting1, or abdominal discomfort. The patient has a history of gastroesophageal reflux disease and diet-controlled diabetes mellitus. He has a 30-pack-year history. Temperature is 37 .3 (99 F), blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg on the right arm and 145/88 mm Hg on the left arm, and pulse is 95/min and regular. The lungs are clear on auscultation, and heart sounds are normal with no murmur or gallop. ECG shows normal sinus rhythm with T-wave inversions in leads V1 through V4. The troponin level is normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Exercise stress testing0 B. Intravenous alteplase0 C. Intravenous heparin infusion0 D. Lidocaine administration0 E. Oral proton pump inhibitor0 A 28-year-old woman, gravida 1 para 0, at 34 weeks gestation comes to the emergency department due to sudden-onset, severe chest and epigastric pain. The pain is constant, deep, and sharp. Her pregnancy has been uncomplicated except for nausea and occasional vomiting. The patient has no chronic medical conditions. She takes multivitamins. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or recreational drugs. Blood pressure is 90/62 mm Hg, pulse is 60/min, and respirations are 22/min. Pulse oximetry shows 98% on room air. On physical examination, the patient is diaphoretic and appears uncomfortable. The jugular veins are distended. The lungs are clear on auscultation. ECG shows ST-segment elevation in the inferior leads with reciprocal ST-segment depression in leads I and aVL. Chest x-ray reveals a widened mediastinum. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's current condition? A. Aortic intimal tear0 B. Coronary atherosclerosis 0 C. Deep vein thrombosis 0 D. Esophageal tear0 E. Pericardia! inflammation 0 A 72-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by his daughter after she found him confused and febrile at home. Since the patient's wife died 6 months ago, he has insisted on continuing to live independently; however, he has taken worse care of his health, including refusing doctor's visits. Medical history includes type 2 diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and peripheral artery disease. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F). Blood pressure is 98/54 mm Hg and pulse is 104/min. The patient is lethargic but opens his eyes when his name is called. He is not oriented to place, time, or situation. Both lower extremities are without palpable dorsalis pedis, posterior tibial, or popliteal pulses. The left foot is shown in the image below. In addition to obtaining blood cultures and administering antibiotics, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Amputation of the foot 0 B. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy 0 C. Revascularization procedure0 D. Sharp local wound debridement 0 E. Whirlpool therapy 0 Submit A 59-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to chest pain beginning 2 hours ago and profuse sweating 1 hour ago. He feels weak. Past medical history includes type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia. The patient's medications include metformin, glipizide, and simvastatin. Blood pressure is 165/98 mm Hg in the right arm and 160/90 mm Hg in the left, pulse is 78/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. He appears mildly uncomfortable. Lungs are clear to auscultation. His ECG is shown in exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Aspirin, cardiac enzyme levels, and observation in the intensive care unit Q B. Aspirin, heparin infusion, and admission to the telemetry floor Q C. Aspirin and immediate cardiac catheterization 0 D. CT scan of the chest Q E. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs as needed for pain Submit An 86-year-old woman comes to the office due to difficulty breathing with exertion and nocturia. She has had these symptoms for 6 months and they have been slowly worsening. The patient has had no chest pain, palpitations, or syncope. She has a history of chronic hypertension and takes lisinopril. Blood pressure is 152/78 mm Hg, pulse is 82/min and regular, and respirations are 18/min. Jugular venous pressure is 10 cm H20. The lungs are clear without crackles. There are no heart murmurs. The abdomen is mildly distended with no tenderness. There is 2+ pitting edema in the patient's legs. Brain natriuretic peptide concentration is 776 pg/ml (N <100 pg/ml}. D-dimer is normal. Chest x-ray shows no cardiomegaly, normal interstitial markings, and no pulmonary edema. Urinalysis shows 1 + protein but is otherwise normal. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Deconditioning0 B. Heart failure 0 C. Interstitial lung disease 0 D. Nephrotic syndrome 0 E. Pulmonary embolism 0 A 56-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to sudden-onset epigastric pain and dizziness that began 2 hours ago. The patient also has nausea but no shortness of breath. He has a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and gastroesophageal reflux disease. The patient drinks 3 or 4 beers per week and smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 15 years until quitting 2 years ago. Blood pressure is 85/52 mm Hg, pulse is 55/min, and respirations are 16/min. On physical examination, the patient is diaphoretic and appears uncomfortable. Cardiac auscultation reveals normal heart sounds with no murmurs. The abdomen is nontender to palpation. Chest x-ray reveals no cardiac enlargement or pulmonary edema. ECG reveals sinus bradycardia with symmetric T-wave inversion in leads II, Ill, and aVF. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in the management of this patient? A. CT pulmonary angiography 0 B. Intravenous furosemide 0 C. Right-sided precordial ECG0 D. Sublingual nitroglycerin 0 E. Upright abdominal x-ray 0 A 59-year-old man comes to visit a friend in the hospital and collapses in the parking lot. He had been feeling unwell all day due to vague chest discomfort. A bystander witnesses his collapse, finds no pulse, and immediately calls for help. Which of the following is the most important factor for survival in this patient? Q A. Time to administration of rescue breathing Q B. Time to rhythm analysis and defibrillation if indicated Q C. Time to endotracheal intubation by trained providers Q D. Time to intravenous or intraosseous epinephrine injection Q E. Time to cardiac catheterization laboratory activation A 43-year-old construction worker is brought to the emergency department after falling 6.1 m (20 ft) from faulty scaffolding. The patient has severe chest pain and appears scared. Blood pressure is 136/92 mm Hg, and pulse is 120/min. Chest x-ray is shown below. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Blunt aortic injury0 B. Diaphragmatic rupture0 C. Left ventricular aneurysm0 D. Myocardial contusion0 E. Pulmonary contusion0 0 F. Tracheobronchial disruption A 65-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance for evaluation of chest pain. The patient states the pain started when he woke up this morning, about 30 minutes ago. The pain is substernal, and he rates it as 6 on a scale of 0-10. The patient also describes a "pressure-like" sensation in his chest. He has no chronic medical conditions and has not seen a physician in years. Temperature is 36.1 C (97 F), blood pressure is 170/96 mm Hg, pulse is 84/min, and respirations are 18/min. On examination, the patient appears uncomfortable. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Heart sounds are normal. An ECG is obtained and is shown in the exhibit. Chest x-ray is unremarkable, and an initial set of cardiac biomarkers is sent. Aspirin and nitroglycerin are administered. The patient is reevaluated 20 minutes after arrival and reports persistent chest pain. What is the most appropriate next step in management? Q A. Admit the patient to the medical ward for stress testing Q B. Admit the patient to the telemetry unit and repeat biomarker testing in 4 hours Q C. Obtain CT scan of the chest without contrast Q D. Repeat the ECG in the emergency department Q E. Send the patient emergently to the cardiac catheterization unit A 62-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to a 2-week history of shortness of breath and fatigue. The patient becomes out of breath easily when walking short distances and has had a dry nighttime cough, which he attributes to seasonal allergy. He has had no chest pain or pressure, palpitations, light-headedness, or syncope. The patient has not seen a physician in more than 10 years and has no diagnosed medical conditions. He has a 25-pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol socially. The patient has no family history of heart disease. He worked in construction for most of his life. Blood pressure is 138/80 mm Hg and pulse is 94/min and regular. BMI is 24 kg/m2. Which of the following would be most useful for excluding heart failure as the cause of this patient's symptoms? 0 A. Absence of an audible S3 0 B. Lack of crackles on lung auscultation 0 C. Normal brain natriuretic peptide level {<100 pg/ml) D. Normal cardiothoracic ratio on chest x-ray 0 E. Normal jugular venous pressure0 Submit A 67-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a syncopal episode. He lost consciousness while shopping in a mall. He has no nausea, diaphoresis, chest pain, or shortness of breath. The patient has had 2 episodes of lightheadedness over the past month but has not sought treatment. Other conditions include long-standing hypertension, which is treated with enalapril. Blood pressure is 135/90 mm Hg while supine and 130/85 mm Hg while standing; pulse is 64/min. ECG shows sinus rhythm with high voltage, prolonged PR interval, prolonged QRS.complex duration, normal QTc interval, and occasional premature ventricular contractions. Basic metabolic panel is unremarkable. Echocardiography reveals left ventricular hypertrophy and ejection fraction of 55%. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's syncope? A. Autonomic dysfunction0 B. Bradyarrhythmia0 C. Decreased myocardial contractility 0 D. Generalized seizure0 E. Premature ventricular beats0 F. Torsades de pointes 0 Submit A 25-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a syncopal event. His wife reports that they were resting in bed, watching television together, when he suddenly passed out. The patient was unconscious for approximately a minute, during which time there were a few bilateral jerks of the arms and legs. He has never had a similar episode but recently noticed some palpitations at night. The patient has no chronic medical conditions but had a fever as high as 38.3 C (100.9 F), along with a mild cough and body aches, throughout the day. Family history is significant for a male cousin who died unexpectedly in his sleep at age 37. Temperature is 38 C (100.4 F), blood pressure is 128/76 mm Hg, and pulse is 98/min. The patient is awake and alert and in no distress. The pupils are equal and reactive to light. The oropharynx is normal. Breath sounds are normal. No heart murmurs are heard. The extremities are well perfused, with symmetric strength. A rapid influenza test is positive. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's syncopal episode? A. Febrile seizure 0 B. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 0 C. Orthostatic hypotension0 D. Vasovagalsyncope0 E. Ventricular tachycardia 0 Submit A48-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to severe chest pain that started 2 hours ago. He has difficulty localizing the pain, saying that it "hurts all over my chest." He has had no shortness of breath, lightheadedness, syncope, or palpitations. The patient has no known medical conditions. He does not use tobacco, alcohol, or recreational drugs. His father died suddenly at age 52 from a presumed heart attack. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 178/102 mm Hg, pulse is 105/min and regular, and respirations are 16/min. On physical examination, the lungs are clear to auscultation and heart sounds are normal. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia, voltage criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy, and T-wave inversion in leads VS and V6. A CT image of the chest is shown in the exhibit. In addition to pain control, which of the following is the most appropriate, immediate pharmacotherapy for this patient? A. ACE inhibitor0 B. Hydralazine0 C. Labetalol0 D. N itroprusside 0 E. Tissue plasminogen activator0 F. Unfractionated heparin0 Submit ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 34-year-old man comes to the emergency department with palpitations for the past 4 hours. He has no associated chest pain, shortness of breath, or dizziness. His medical history is significant for Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome with 3 prior episodes of supraventricular tachycardia. The patient does not use tobacco or illicit drugs and drinks alcohol only on social occasions. He had 5 cans of beer at a party the previous night. On examination, his blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg and pulse is irregularly irregular. ECG shows atrial fibrillation with a rate of 160/min. What is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Adenosine 0 B. Digoxin 0 C. Lidocaine 0 D. Procainamide 0 E. Verapamil Submit A 71-year-old man is brought to the emergency room due to sharp chest pain for 2 hours. The pain is not related to exertion but is worse with deep breaths. He has not done any unusual activity lately. The patient has a history of advanced chronic kidney disease and is preparing to initiate chronic dialysis soon. His other medical problems include type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and lumbar spinal stenosis. The patient does not use tobacco or illicit drugs but consumes 1 alcoholic drink with dinner on most nights. Temperature is 37.7 C (99.8 F), blood pressure is 160/98 mm Hg in both arms, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 20/min. When the patient is placed in a supine position during the examination, he experiences chest pain that appears to improve when he sits back up. A diastolic sound with a squeaking quality is heard at the left sternal border. Breath sounds are normal. ECG shows nonspecific T wave abnormalities. Chest x-ray is normal. Cardiac enzymes are normal. Laboratory studies show a blood urea nitrogen level of 68 mg/dL and a serum creatinine of 5.3 mg/dl. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Aortic dissection0 B. Gastroesophageal reflux disease 0 C. Myocardial infarction 0 D. Pericarditis0 E. Pulmonary embolism 0 F. Unstable angina 0 G. Viral pleurisy0 A 63-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to left leg pain. The patient typically has pain in both legs after walking a couple of blocks, but several hours ago, severe left leg pain suddenly developed while he was resting. He reports numbness in the left leg, and he is also experiencing intermittent palpitations. Medical history includes hypertension and hyperlipidemia. The patient has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 45 years. Blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 116/min and irregular. On examination, hair is sparse on both legs. Distal pulses are absent on the left and diminished on the right. Sensation to light touch is decreased on the dorsum of the left foot and leg, and ankle dorsiflexion is weaker on the left. Which of the following is the best first step in management of this patient? A. Ankle-brachia! index0 0 B. CT angiography of the lower extremities 0 C. Intravenous heparin infusion D. Surgical bypass grafting 0 E. Transthoracic echocardiography0 Submit A 38-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to chest pain and syncope. Thirty minutes ago, he experienced sudden, sharp retrosternal chest pain radiating to his back and then briefly lost consciousness. The pain has remained constant, and the patient also has dyspnea and diaphoresis. He has no chronic medical conditions but has not seen a physician for many years. Blood pressure is 78/55 mm Hg and pulse is 116/min. On physical examination, the patient appears diaphoretic and is in distress due to pain. Jugular venous pressure is elevated. The lungs are clear on auscultation, and heart sounds are muffled. Upper extremity pulses are feeble. ECG shows low voltage of QRS complexes with no ST-segment changes. Intravenous access is established, and blood samples are obtained for analysis. Emergency bedside ultrasonography reveals fluid in the pericardia! space. Which of the following is the best next step in management? A. CT pulmonary angiography 0 B. ECG with right-sided chest leads 0 C. Intravenous heparin infusion 0 D. Transesophageal echocardiography 0 Submit An 82-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to epigastric pain. She says the pain started an hour ago and rates it as 8 on a scale of 0-10. The patient is nauseated and has vomited twice in the past hour. Medical history includes type 2 diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, peptic ulcer disease 10 years ago, and cholelithiasis. The patient has a 40-pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol occasionally. Temperature is 36.8 C (98.2 F), blood pressure is 140/80 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 14/min. The lungs are clear to auscultation. The abdomen is soft with no tenderness. Murphy sign is negative. Which of the following studies should be performed first in this patient? 0 A. Abdominal ultrasonography 0 B. Resting ECG 0 C. Serum lipase measurement D. Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy 0 E. Upright abdominal x-ray 0 Submit A 64-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to intermittent, burning midline chest pain over the last 2 hours. He has never had similar pain. The patient's medical history includes hypertension and hyperlipidemia. An immediate ECG reveals sinus rhythm with ST-segment elevations in leads II, Ill, and aVF. Temperature is 37.8 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 115/70 mm Hg, pulse is 65/min, and respirations are 15/min. He is given sublingual nitroglycerin, and the on-call cardiologist is notified. Several minutes later, the patient reports lightheadedness and extreme weakness. His repeat blood pressure is 75/50 mm Hg and pulse is 85/min. The patient is diaphoretic and his extremities are cold. Jugular venous pulse is elevated in the semirecumbent position. On auscultation, the lungs are clear and no murmurs are heard. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT angiography of the chest 0 B. Immediate pericardiocentesis 0 C. Intravenous dopamine infusion0 D. Normal saline bolus0 E. Temporary cardiac pacing 0 A 21-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to lightheadedness and palpitations that started abruptly an hour ago. He has had similar episodes provoked by fatigue or strong emotions. The patient can usually stop the episodes by squatting and taking a deep breath. However, this time these actions did not bring relief. Blood pressure is 65/40 mm Hg and pulse is 240/min. The patient is lethargic and diaphoretic, and his extremities are cold. ECG rhythm strip shows a regular narrow-complex tachycardia. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Intravenous amiodarone 0 B. Intravenous esmolol 0 C. Intravenous fluid resuscitation D. Intravenous procainamide0 0 E. Synchronized cardioversion F. Unsynchronized cardioversion0 Submit A 23-year-old primigravida at 29 weeks gestation comes to the emergency department with sudden-onset severe shortness of breath. She woke up today with a fluttering sensation in her chest, which progressed to significant dyspnea, dry cough, and an inability to lie flat. Recently, the patient has had some exercise intolerance and tiredness, which she attributes to pregnancy. Her medical history is significant for recurrent sore throat requiring tonsillectomy as a child. She is a lifetime nonsmoker and does not use alcohol. The patient's lifestyle is mostly sedentary. She immigrated to the United States from India 5 years ago. Her blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg and pulse is 144/min. The patient appears uncomfortable. An ECG shows atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Aortic insufficiency 0 B. Constrictive pericarditis 0 C. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy D. Mitral stenosis 0 E. Myocardial infarction0 F. Peripartum cardiomyopathy 0 A 22-year-old previously healthy man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance after a motor vehicle collision. The patient was unrestrained, and his vehicle sustained significant damage. The patient has anterior chest wall pain and painful respirations. Blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, respirations are 18/min, and oxygen saturation is 98¡/o on room air. He is alert and oriented to time, place, and person. Jugular venous pressure is normal. Anterior chest wall bruising is present. Bilateral breath sounds are normal and equal; heart sounds are normal. Examination of the abdomen and upper and lower extremities shows no abnormalities. !Extended Focused Assessment with Sonography for Trauma (eFAST} reveals no pericardia! or pleural effusion, or intrabdominal bleeding; chest x-ray and CT scan of the cervical spine are normal. The patient's pain improves with pain medication. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administer a beta blocker0 B. Admit the patient and monitor serial cardiac enzymes0 C. Discharge the patient home with analgesics0 D. Obtain an electrocardiogram0 E. Obtain a transesophageal echocardiogram0 A 52-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after a brief episode of unresponsiveness. The patient recalls rushing to catch a bus for work. She began feeling sweaty and warm after sitting down, lost consciousness, and then slumped in her seat. She regained consciousness after approximately one minute and was not confused afterward. She has never had a similar episode and reports no chest pain or palpitations prior to the event. Medical history includes hypertension and Sjogren syndrome. Medications are amlodipine and artificial tears. Family history is significant for myocardial infarction in her father. The patient does not use tobacco and drinks alcohol on social occasions. She regularly walks 2 blocks without difficulty as part of her commute. When she is supine, blood pressure is 132/7 4 mm Hg and pulse is 72/min; on standing, blood pressure is 125/70 mm Hg and pulse is 78/min. Physical examination shows no signs of head injury. Cranial nerve examination is normal. There is no focal weakness or sensory loss. The lungs are clear on auscultation, and heart sounds are normal. The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities. ECG shows a normal sinus rhythm. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in evaluation of this patient? A. 24-hour Holter monitoring 0 8. CT scan of the head 0 C. Echocardiography0 D. Electroencephalography0 E. No further testing 0 F. Tilt-table testing 0 A 58-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after an apparent suicide attempt. He was found lethargic by his wife, who also discovered a suicide note. The patient has a history of coronary artery disease and hypertension. His temperature is 37.7 C (100 F), blood pressure is 76/40 mm Hg, pulse is 40/min, and respirations are 12/min. Examination shows diffuse bilateral wheezing. Extremities are cold and clammy. ECG shows profound sinus bradycardia with first-degree atrioventricular block. The patient is given intravenous fluids and atropine; however, his bradycardia and hypotension do not improve. In addition to ensuring adequate oxygenation, which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management? 0 A. Aminophylline 0 B. Digoxin-specific antibody 0 C. Dobutamine D. Glucagon0 E. Intravenous pacing 0 Submit A 64-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to a 2-hour history of severe chest pain accompanied by nausea. The pain started suddenly, and the patient describes it as tearing. He has a long-standing history of hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus. There is no history of coronary artery disease or stroke. The patient has a 35-pack-year smoking history. He does not use injection drugs. ECG shows sinus tachycardia without significant ST-segment or T-wave changes. CT angiography confirms dissection of the ascending aorta extending up to the arch. While the patient is being prepared for emergency surgery, he develops increasing shortness of breath and orthopnea. Chest auscultation reveals bibasilar crackles that were not present on the initial evaluation. S1 is soft and P2 is loud; an S3 gallop is present. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's decompensation? A. Acute respiratory distress syndrome0 B. Aortic valve insufficiency 0 C. Descending aortic dissection 0 D. Mitral valve insufficiency0 E. Pericardia! tamponade 0 A 20-year-old college wrestler is brought to the emergency department after a syncopal episode. The episode occurred during the final match of a wrestling competition. The referee called the match after the patient was pinned by his opponent. When the patient stood, he suddenly swayed and then collapsed. He was unconscious for approximately a minute. The patient says that he felt light-headed prior to the episode but adds that he frequently feels light-headed when standing after competitive matches. He reports no similar symptoms at any other time. The patient is not in pain. He has no medical history, although family history is significant for hypertension. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg, pulse is 72/min, and respirations are 16/min. The patient is awake, alert, and oriented, with normal speech. Dry mucous membranes are noted on oropharyngeal examination. Heart and lung examinations are normal. Strength is 5/5 in the upper and lower extremities, and gait is normal. ECG is normal. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin  18.2 g/dL  Hematocrit  54%  Platelets  380,000/mm3  Leukocytes  9,000/mm3  Serum chemistry  Sodium  140 mEq/L  Potassium  3.1 mEq/L  Chloride  104 mEq/L  Bicarbonate  24 mEq/L  Blood urea nitrogen  26 mg/dL  Creatinine  1.2 mg/dL  What is the most likely cause of this patient's syncope?  Q A. Cardiac conduction abnormality  0  B. Carotid hypersensitivity  0  C. Conversion disorder  mm Hg, pulse is 72/min, and respirations are 16/min. The patient is awake, alert, and oriented, with normal speech. Dry mucous membranes are noted on oropharyngeal examination. Heart and lung examinations are normal. Strength is 5/5 in the upper and lower extremities, and gait is normal. ECG is normal. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin Hematocrit Platelets Leukocytes Serum chemistry Sodium Potassium Chloride Bicarbonate Blood urea nitrogen Creatinine What is the most likely cause of this patient's syncope? A. Cardiac conduction abnormality0 B. Carotid hypersensitivity 0 C. Conversion disorder 0 D. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 0 E. Orthostatic hypotension0 18.2 g/dL 54% 380,000/mm3 9,000/mm3 140 mEq/L 3.1 mEq/L 104 mEq/L 24 mEq/L 26 mg/dL 1.2 mg/dL Submit A 70-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to intense, constant chest pain radiating to the neck and interscapular area. The patient has had the pain for the past hour and describes it as sharp. He has never experienced this type of pain before. Medical history includes hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and chronic kidney disease. He does not use tobacco or alcohol. Blood pressure is 78/56 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 22/min. BMI is 32 kg/m2. On physical examination, the patient appears anxious, diaphoretic, and uncomfortable. There is an early decrescendo diastolic murmur best heard at the upper sternal area with an undisplaced cardiac apex. ECG shows sinus tachycardia, voltage criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy, and T-wave inversions in leads V5 and V6. Serum creatinine is 1.8 mg/dL. Serum troponin I level is normal. In addition to adequate resuscitation, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Aspirin and serial troponin measurements0 B. Coronary angiography 0 C. MR angiography of the chest0 D. Transesophageal echocardiography0 E. Ventilation-perfusion lung scan0 A 45-year-old man comes to the emergency department after an episode of syncope. Medical history is unremarkable except for an upper respiratory infection 1 week ago. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 13/min. The neck veins are distended, and heart sounds are distant. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Chest x-ray reveals small bilateral pleural effusions and an enlarged cardiac silhouette. If present, which of the following ECG findings would best support the most likely diagnosis? A. Delta waves0 0 B. Electrical alternans 0 C. Flutter waves 0 D. Prolonged PR interval 0 E. Right bundle-branch block Submit A 60-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after passing out at home. The patient was watching television while seated in an armchair when he suddenly passed out with no warning. According to his wife, he was unconscious for 1-2 minutes and displayed several muscle jerks while unconscious. The patient has never had a similar episode. Medical history includes hypertension and hyperlipidemia. The patient had a myocardial infarction 6 months ago and spent 5 days in the hospital. There have been no changes to his medications in the last few weeks. He now appears comfortable and has no symptoms. Blood pressure is 130/85 mm Hg and pulse is BO/min with frequent ectopic beats. Physical examination reveals a 2/6 holosystolic apical murmur radiating to the axilla. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this event? 0 A. Arrhythmia 0 B. Autonomic dysfunction 0 C. Postural hypotension D. Seizure0 E. Vasovagal reaction0 Submit An 81-year-old man comes to the office due to dizziness and near falls. The patient's daughter reports that, over the past 2 weeks, the patient has stated that he experiences intermittent lightheadedness and he sometimes "appears wobbly" and almost falls, most notably in the morning after getting out of bed. Medical history is significant for hypertension and Alzheimer dementia. He takes amlodipine and was recently started on quetiapine for aggressive behavior toward caregivers and delusions that his daughter has been cloned. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 105/66 mm Hg, and pulse is 95/min. Pulse oximetry is 96% on room air. The patient is awake, alert, and oriented to person and place. Heart sounds are regular and without murmurs. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Strength is 5/5 in the upper and lower extremities. Reflexes are normal. ECG shows normal sinus rhythm. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? A. Decreased venous capacitance0 B. Impaired arteriolar smooth muscle contractility 0 C. Impaired atrioventricular node conduction 0 D. Impaired myocardial contractility 0 E. Intermittent muscle rigidity 0 A 67-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to worsening left foot pain. The pain involves the entire left foot and is severe in the forefoot. The pain began a day prior while the patient was lying in bed watching television. He immediately sat up and dangled his foot over the side of the bed, but this did not improve the pain as it had during past episodes. Although the pain was initially mild, it progressively worsened over the course of the day. The patient tried heat packs and over-the-counter pain medication, which he takes intermittently for chronic low back pain, without relief. Medical history includes hypertension and hyperlipidemia. The patient smokes 1-2 packs of cigarettes daily. Temperature is 36.7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 146/90 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min. On examination, the skin of both lower legs is shiny and hairless, and the left foot is mottled and cooler to the touch than the right foot. Pulses are not palpable in either foot but can be detected with doppler in the right foot. The left foot has capillary refill of 4-5 seconds. The patient has difficulty moving his left foot and toes. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the patient's new symptoms? A. Atherosclerotic plaque disruption 0 B. Exaggerated cutaneous vasoreactivity0 C. Increased compartmental pressure0 D. Popliteal vein thrombosis 0 E. Tobacco-associated vasculitis 0 Submit A 56-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to severe, crushing midsternal chest pain accompanied by diaphoresis and shortness of breath. The patient had been having exertional angina for several months, and, 10 days ago, he underwent coronary angiography that revealed a 90% stenosis of the proximal left anterior descending artery. A drug-eluting stent was placed, and the postprocedural course was uncomplicated. Echocardiogram at discharge was normal. Medical history is also significant for hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, and gout. The patient is currently unemployed and uninsured. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia with 2-mm ST-segment elevations in leads V1-V4. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current condition? 0 A. Acute pericarditis 0 B. Aortic dissection 0 C. Atherosclerotic plaque rupture D. Left ventricular aneurysm formation0 E. Medication nonadherence0 Submit An 81-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to shortness of breath that has worsened over the past hour. It is associated with nausea. The patient does not have chest pain. Medical history is significant for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Temperature is 36.7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 92/64 mm Hg, pulse is 70/min, and respirations are 22/min. Oxygen saturation is 94% on room air. On examination, the patient is diaphoretic and appears to be in mild respiratory distress. Bilateral crackles are heard on lung auscultation. No heart murmurs are heard. An ECG is obtained and is shown in the exhibit. Blood samples are sent for testing. Following initial pharmacologic therapy in the emergency department, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Admit to intensive care unit for dopamine infusion0 0 B. Admit to telemetry ward for aggressive diuresis C. CT pulmonary angiography 0 D. Emergency cardiac catheterization 0 E. Emergency cardiothoracic surgery0 Submit ©UWorld ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 34-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to chest pain that started an hour ago. The pain feels like a "substernal pressure," and the patient rates it as severe. He also feels as though his heart "is racing" but has had no shortness of breath, cough, or fever. The patient's medical history is significant for an appendectomy a year ago. He was seen in the emergency department 4 weeks ago for anxiety and palpitations and 6 weeks ago for chest pain that resolved spontaneously. His father died at age 64 due to "some heart problem," and his mother died of ovarian cancer. On physical examination, the patient appears agitated and is sweating profusely. His blood pressure is 160/110 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 16/min. His pupils are dilated and reactive to light. No heart murmurs are heard. The abdomen is soft and nontender. ECG shows sinus tachycardia with ST elevations in leads V1-V4. What is the most likely explanation for this patient's symptoms? A. Acute pericarditis 0 B. Aortic dissection 0 C. Coronary atherosclerosis0 D. Pulmonary infarction 0 E. Stress-induced cardiomyopathy0 F. Substance abuse0 Submit A 72-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to intermittent chest pain for the last 2 days. She describes the pain as chest pressure associated with shortness of breath. She has never had similar symptoms. Her past medical history is significant for hypertension and hyperlipidemia. Physical examination reveals no heart murmurs. ECG shows normal sinus rhythm with T wave inversion in leads V4-V6. Initial troponin I level is undetectable. Two hours after the initial evaluation, she becomes unresponsive. Bilateral arm twitching is noted by the nurse. Her telemetry strip is shown on the image below. ©UWorld Which of the following is the best next step in managing this patient? A. Amiodarone0 B. Defi brillation 0 C. Epinephrine0 D. Fosphenytoin0 E. Lidocaine0 F. Magnesium sulfate 0 G. Synchronized cardioversion0 Submit ©UWorld ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 55-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to sudden onset of palpitations and chest tightness. His other medical problems include hypertension, gout, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Cardiac monitoring shows atrial fibrillation at a rate of 120-140/min. His initial blood pressure is 112/70 mm Hg and oxygen saturation is 92% on room air. As the nurse is attempting to establish intravenous access, the patient becomes unresponsive. There is no palpable pulse over the carotids or femoral arteries, and he has agonal breathing. The cardiac monitor still shows atrial fibrillation at the same rate. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Arterial blood gas analysis 0 B. Chest compressions 0 C. Defibrillation 0 D. IV lidocaine 0 E. Synchronized cardioversion Submit A 3-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department by her babysitter for evaluation of burns. The babysitter states that she was bathing the child when the child turned on the hot water. The child began crying and was quickly removed from the water. The patient lives with her biological parents, who are at work, and has been cared for by this babysitter for the last 6 months. Examination reveals an alert child who is crying inconsolably and in severe pain. The back, buttocks, and legs have patches of blistered, waxy, red skin. If found in this patient, which of the following burn characteristics would be most concerning for child abuse? 0 A. Asymmetric distribution of burn B. Non-uniformity of burn depth 0 C. Poor demarcation of wound margins0 0 D. Presence of splash marks 0 E. Sparing of flexural creases Submit A 17-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to a rash and scrotal swelling. Two days ago, he developed ankle pain, followed by a rash on his legs and the tops of his feet. The lesions are not painful, but they have coalesced and darkened. Today, the patient developed a dull ache in his scrotum. He has had no fever, headache, or diarrhea. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. He is sexually active with 1 partner. Temperature is 36.1 C (97 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 94/min. The patient is awake and alert. The neck is supple with no lymphadenopathy. Cardiopulmonary examination is unremarkable. The abdomen is soft with no rebound tenderness or guarding. The extremities have 2+ peripheral pulses. Genitourinary examination shows mild edema in the right testicle with slight tenderness to palpation, and the left testicle is normal. Both ankles are swollen. Skin examination is shown in the exhibit. Results from a complete blood count are as follows: Hemoglobin 12.5 g/dl Platelets  240,000/mm3  Leukocytes  1 0,000/mm3  Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient?  A. Acute parvovirus infection0 B. Chlamydia trachomatis infection0 C. lgA vasculitis 0 D. Rocky Mountain spotted fever 0 E. Secondary syphilis 0 Submit ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 48-year-old man comes to the urgent care clinic for evaluation of a painful finger. One week ago, he was involved in a motor vehicle collision in which airbags deployed and caught his left index finger. The patient was taken to the emergency department where x-rays of the left hand showed no fractures. He was diagnosed with a finger sprain and advised to take nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Today the patient reports that his finger pain is not improving and, for the past 24 hours, he has been experiencing subjective fevers and chills. Vital signs are stable. Examination of the left index finger is shown in the exhibit. The digital pulp of the left index finger is tense and exquisitely tender to palpation; pressing on the pulp expresses cloudy fluid from the dorsal surface of the finger, proximal to the nail fold. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient's condition? A. Incision and drainage 0 B. Oral acyclovir therapy and follow-up in 48 hours0 C. Oral antibiotic therapy and follow-up in 48 hours0 D. Removal of the fingernail 0 E. Warm water soaks and follow-up in 48 hours0 U Id ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 65-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to a burn on her left hand. She lost her grip when pouring a large pot into the kitchen sink, spilling boiling water onto her hand. Medical history includes obesity, hypertension, and well-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus. The patient is up to date on vaccinations. Blood pressure is 136/84 mm Hg and pulse is 82/min. There is erythema of the skin on the palmar surface of the left hand and distal forearm; the area is dry, has no blisters, and has good capillary refill but is painful when touched. Following cleansing of the area, ointment and a clean dressing are applied. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Admission for burn debridement 0 B. Admission for observation and IV antibiotics 0 0 C. Discharge with oral antibiotics 0 D. Discharge with topical steroids 0 E. Discharge with wound care instructions Submit A 21-year-old woman comes to the emergency department after she slipped and fell at work, landing on her mouth 30 minutes ago. She brought a tooth with her that got avulsed secondary to the injury. The patient did not lose consciousness and has no other injuries. Vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, the patient has an avulsed left central incisor with a small amount of dry blood in the socket. The remainder of the teeth are stable without fractures. There is no injury to the gum or palate. There is no mandibular or maxillary tenderness or instability, and neurologic examination is normal. The patient has the avulsed tooth with her in a tissue, and it appears intact. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Dispose of the tooth; discharge with antibiotics and dental referral Q B. Place the tooth in an ice-filled bag and advise follow-up with the dentist in 24-48 hours Q C. Rinse the tooth and socket gently with hydrogen peroxide; reimplant and splint the tooth Q D. Rinse the tooth and socket gently with normal saline; reimplant and splint the tooth Submit A 40-year-old man comes to the office for evaluation of recurrent epistaxis. Every morning, the patient wakes up with significant nasal congestion; when he blows his nose, he often sees crusting and blood clots in the tissue. Afterward, his nose frequently (several times a week) starts bleeding. It stops with <5 minutes of pinching his nasal alae. Medical history includes obesity, hypertension, and obstructive sleep apnea treated with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP). Vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, the nose has bilateral crusting with excoriations on both sides of the nasal septum, but there is no bleeding. Which of the following is the most appropriate step in management of this patient's condition? 0 A. Biopsy of the nasal septum 0 B. Complete blood count and coagulation panel 0 C. CPAP humidification D. Nasal corticosteroid sprays0 E. Oxymetazoline daily in the morning0 Submit A 21-month-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to difficulty swallowing. She first became ill 3 days ago with runny nose, cough, and low-grade fever. Over the last 4 hours, she became extremely fussy at home and refused to eat or drink. The patient previously has been well and has received all her immunizations. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), pulse is 180/min, and respirations are 40/min. The patient is agitated, drooling, and has suprasternal and intercostal retractions. She has audible stridor. Lung examination reveals diminished breath sounds. Due to impending respiratory failure, the patient undergoes endotracheal intubation. During intubation, the epiglottis is noted to be erythematous and edematous. Which of the following is the best empiric antibiotic therapy for this patient? 0 A. Ampicillin and gentamicin 0 B. Azithromycin 0 C. Ceftriaxone and vancomycin D. Clindamycin0 E. Metronidazole0 F. Piperacillin-tazobactam and tobramycin 0 A 14-year-old boy comes to the emergency department due to sore throat and fever. He started having a mild sore throat after returning from summer camp approximately a week ago, and it has progressively worsened in the last 2 days. The patient has difficulty swallowing and an earache but no cough or shortness of breath. His voice is muffled. Temperature is 38.8 C (101.8 F), blood pressure is 118/7 4 mm Hg, and pulse is 104/min. There is no neck pain on extension or stiffness. Enlarged and tender cervical lymph nodes are present. The patient is unable to fully open his mouth, but examination of the oral cavity shows pooling of saliva, a large right tonsil with swelling of the right soft palate, and deviation of the uvula to the left. Ear examination shows normal tympanic membranes. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in diagnosis of this patient? A. CT scan of the neck0 B. Lateral neck radiographs 0 C. Lymph node biopsy 0 D. Monospot test0 E. No additional diagnostic testing needed0 A 28-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to respiratory distress. A week ago, he developed a sore throat that has progressively worsened. Over the last hour, he has had difficulty breathing. The patient was diagnosed with HIV at age 23 and has been inconsistent with daily antiretroviral therapy. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), pulse is 126/min, and respirations are 30/min. Pulse oximetry is 78% on room air. The patient is leaning forward with his neck extended; he is also drooling and speaking in a hoarse voice. The posterior oropharynx has overlying white plaques. There are suprasternal retractions. Examination of the lungs reveals diminished breath sounds bilaterally. Pulse oximetry remains at 78% with 100% oxygen bag-valve-mask ventilation. Endotracheal intubation using a video laryngoscope is attempted but is unsuccessful. Pulse oximetry subsequently decreases to 70% with continued bag-valve-mask ventilation. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Perform surgical cricothyrotomy 0 B. Place a laryngeal mask airway 0 C. Provide bilevel positive airway pressure0 D. Reattempt endotracheal intubation0 E. Switch to nasotracheal intubation0 Submit A 25-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to pain and swelling in his right ear. The patient sustained several blows to his ear during a wrestling match a few hours ago. He had no loss of consciousness and has no headache, neck pain, or hearing loss. Blood pressure is 110/55 mm Hg, pulse is 84/min, and respirations are 14/min. On examination, the right ear is red and swollen, and there is an auricular hematoma. The tympanic membrane is normal without hemotympanum. The auditory canal is within normal limits. There is no mastoid erythema or tenderness to palpation. There is no facial swelling or tenderness, and the neurologic examination is intact. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Discharge with oral antibiotic Q B. Evacuation of hematoma in the emergency department Q C. No treatment is needed because this will resolve spontaneously Q D. Pressure dressing and discharge with close follow-up Submit A 21-year-old woman comes to the emergency department after she slipped and fell at work, landing on her mouth 30 minutes ago. She brought a tooth with her that got avulsed secondary to the injury. The patient did not lose consciousness and has no other injuries. Vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, the patient has an avulsed left central incisor with a small amount of dry blood in the socket. The remainder of the teeth are stable without fractures. There is no injury to the gum or palate. There is no mandibular or maxillary tenderness or instability, and neurologic examination is normal. The patient has the avulsed tooth with her in a tissue, and it appears intact. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Dispose of the tooth; discharge with antibiotics and dental referral Q B. Place the tooth in an ice-filled bag and advise follow-up with the dentist in 24-48 hours Q C. Rinse the tooth and socket gently with hydrogen peroxide; reimplant and splint the tooth Q D. Rinse the tooth and socket gently with normal saline; reimplant and splint the tooth Submit A 40-year-old man comes to the office for evaluation of recurrent epistaxis. Every morning, the patient wakes up with significant nasal congestion; when he blows his nose, he often sees crusting and blood clots in the tissue. Afterward, his nose frequently (several times a week) starts bleeding. It stops with <5 minutes of pinching his nasal alae. Medical history includes obesity, hypertension, and obstructive sleep apnea treated with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP). Vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, the nose has bilateral crusting with excoriations on both sides of the nasal septum, but there is no bleeding. Which of the following is the most appropriate step in management of this patient's condition? 0 A. Biopsy of the nasal septum 0 B. Complete blood count and coagulation panel 0 C. CPAP humidification D. Nasal corticosteroid sprays0 E. Oxymetazoline daily in the morning0 Submit A 21-month-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to difficulty swallowing. She first became ill 3 days ago with runny nose, cough, and low-grade fever. Over the last 4 hours, she became extremely fussy at home and refused to eat or drink. The patient previously has been well and has received all her immunizations. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), pulse is 180/min, and respirations are 40/min. The patient is agitated, drooling, and has suprasternal and intercostal retractions. She has audible stridor. Lung examination reveals diminished breath sounds. Due to impending respiratory failure, the patient undergoes endotracheal intubation. During intubation, the epiglottis is noted to be erythematous and edematous. Which of the following is the best empiric antibiotic therapy for this patient? 0 A. Ampicillin and gentamicin 0 B. Azithromycin 0 C. Ceftriaxone and vancomycin D. Clindamycin0 E. Metronidazole0 F. Piperacillin-tazobactam and tobramycin 0 A 14-year-old boy comes to the emergency department due to sore throat and fever. He started having a mild sore throat after returning from summer camp approximately a week ago, and it has progressively worsened in the last 2 days. The patient has difficulty swallowing and an earache but no cough or shortness of breath. His voice is muffled. Temperature is 38.8 C (101.8 F), blood pressure is 118/7 4 mm Hg, and pulse is 104/min. There is no neck pain on extension or stiffness. Enlarged and tender cervical lymph nodes are present. The patient is unable to fully open his mouth, but examination of the oral cavity shows pooling of saliva, a large right tonsil with swelling of the right soft palate, and deviation of the uvula to the left. Ear examination shows normal tympanic membranes. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in diagnosis of this patient? A. CT scan of the neck0 B. Lateral neck radiographs 0 C. Lymph node biopsy 0 D. Monospot test0 E. No additional diagnostic testing needed0 A 28-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to respiratory distress. A week ago, he developed a sore throat that has progressively worsened. Over the last hour, he has had difficulty breathing. The patient was diagnosed with HIV at age 23 and has been inconsistent with daily antiretroviral therapy. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), pulse is 126/min, and respirations are 30/min. Pulse oximetry is 78% on room air. The patient is leaning forward with his neck extended; he is also drooling and speaking in a hoarse voice. The posterior oropharynx has overlying white plaques. There are suprasternal retractions. Examination of the lungs reveals diminished breath sounds bilaterally. Pulse oximetry remains at 78% with 100% oxygen bag-valve-mask ventilation. Endotracheal intubation using a video laryngoscope is attempted but is unsuccessful. Pulse oximetry subsequently decreases to 70% with continued bag-valve-mask ventilation. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Perform surgical cricothyrotomy 0 B. Place a laryngeal mask airway 0 C. Provide bilevel positive airway pressure0 D. Reattempt endotracheal intubation0 E. Switch to nasotracheal intubation0 Submit A 25-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to pain and swelling in his right ear. The patient sustained several blows to his ear during a wrestling match a few hours ago. He had no loss of consciousness and has no headache, neck pain, or hearing loss. Blood pressure is 110/55 mm Hg, pulse is 84/min, and respirations are 14/min. On examination, the right ear is red and swollen, and there is an auricular hematoma. The tympanic membrane is normal without hemotympanum. The auditory canal is within normal limits. There is no mastoid erythema or tenderness to palpation. There is no facial swelling or tenderness, and the neurologic examination is intact. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Discharge with oral antibiotic Q B. Evacuation of hematoma in the emergency department Q C. No treatment is needed because this will resolve spontaneously Q D. Pressure dressing and discharge with close follow-up Submit A 43-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to nausea, dizziness, and headache for a day. Her menses began 2 days ago. She has occasionally had fatigue and dizziness during her menstrual periods, but today's symptoms feel different. The patient has a history of von Willebrand disease, causing recurrent, heavy menstrual blood loss, and is scheduled for an endometrial ablation prrE~(t~ii-scr~~~-only medication is intranasal desmopressin taken on the first 3 days of her menstrual period. Temperature is 36.9 C (98.4 F), blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg, pulse is 92/min and regular, and respirations are 18/min. The patient appears restless. Mucous membranes are moist. Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ throughout and Babinski sign is absent. Sensory examination shows no focal deficits. The chest is clear to auscultation. The abdomen is soft and nontender. There is no peripheral edema. The remainder of the examination is unremarkable. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management? A. Arterial blood gas 0 B. Liver function studies0 C. MRI of the brain 0 D. Plasma desmopressin level0 E. Serum electrolytes 0 Submit A 15-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department with intermittent lower abdominal pain. The patient woke up this morning with intermittent, sharp pain in the left lower quadrant that radiates to the lower back. The pain episodes are associated with nausea and vomiting and spontaneously resolve after a few minutes. She has no nausea or vomiting between episodes and no urinary symptoms, vaginal bleeding, or abnormal vaginal discharge. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and takes no daily medications. Her last menstrual period was 2 weeks ago, and she is not sexually active. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 130/84 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 20/min. On examination, the patient appears comfortable and has mild tenderness to palpation in the left lower quadrant. Urine pregnancy test is negative. Pelvic ultrasound shows a 5-cm left ovarian mass with normal ovarian arterial and venous blood flow. After the ultrasound, the patient has another episode of severe pain with nausea when walking back to her room from the restroom. On reevaluation, she is in acute distress and has severe, constant tenderness to palpation in the left lower quadrant. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis0 8. Diagnostic laparoscopy 0 C. NSAIDs and outpatient follow-up 0 D. Observation and serial abdominal examinations0 E. Quantitative J3-hCG level 0 Submit A 29-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to pelvic pain that started immediately after sexual intercourse 3 hours earlier. The pain is sharp and stabbing in nature and has intensified significantly. She has no fever but is slightly nauseous. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and has had no surgeries. Her last menstrual period was 3 weeks ago. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 98/min. The abdomen is soft and tender to palpation in the right lower quadrant. Laboratory results are as follows: Hemoglobin 12.2 g/dL Platelets 260,000/mm 3 Leukocytes 12,200/mm3 Urine pregnancy test is negative. Pelvic ultrasound shows an enlarged uterus with multiple fibroids and a 4x5 cm right cystic ovarian mass with a moderate amount of free fluid in the pelvis. Doppler shows normal blood flow to the adnexa. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's acute symptoms? A. Adnexal torsion0 B. Degenerating leiomyoma 0 C. Endometriosis0 D. Ovarian cyst rupture 0 E. Salpingitis0 A 29-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to vaginal spotting and discharge. She had a positive pregnancy test last week after missing her last menstrual period and estimates that she is at 5 weeks gestation. The patient has had increased vaginal discharge for the past 2 days but no pelvic pain or cramping. Today, she started having vaginal spotting, which prompted her to come to the emergency department. The patient had a spontaneous abortion 3 years ago that was treated with medication, but she has no chronic medical conditions. Temperature is 37.6 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 90/min. The abdomen is soft, nontender, and without rebound or guarding. The cervix appears closed and without lesions, and there is bloody, yellow mucus at the external cervical os. The remainder of the physical examination is normal. Quantitative ~-hCG level is 5,200 IU/L and blood type is 0, Rh positive. Ultrasound shows an intrauterine fetal pole with a positive fetal heartbeat. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Anti-D immune globulin administration 0 B. Cervical biopsy 0 C. Empiric antibiotic therapy 0 D. Mifepristone0 E. Misoprostol0 F. Suction curettage 0 Submit A 42-year-old woman comes to the emergency department for severe lower abdominal pain. The pain started several hours ago and has progressively worsened. She has associated nausea and vomiting but no fever, diarrhea, or abnormal vaginal discharge. The patient was diagnosed with adenomyosis last month due to increasingly heavy menses and dysmenorrhea and is currently taking tranexamic acid as needed. Her menses started yesterday, but she reports that the pain is more severe than usual and radiates to the left lower quadrant. Temperature is 37.8 C (100 F), blood pressure is 110/74 mm Hg, and pulse is 110/min. The abdomen is soft with normoactive bowel sounds, and there is voluntary guarding in the left lower quadrant. On pelvic examination, the uterus is globular and boggy, and there is dark red blood with small clots in the vagina. The left adnexa is tender on bimanual examination, and there are no palpable adnexal masses. Urine pregnancy testing is negative. Hemoglobin is 11 g/dl. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Discontinue tranexamic acid Q B. Observation and serial abdominal examinations Q C. Perform diagnostic laparoscopy Q D. Perform endometrial ablation Q E. Perform uterine artery embolization Q F. Prescribe oral contraceptives Submit An 18-year-old, nulliparous woman comes to the office with lower abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting for the past day. She has been unable to tolerate food or water for the past 8 hours. The patient is sexually active and uses oral contraceptive pills. She has had 3 lifetime sexual partners. Her last menstrual period was 15 days ago. The patient has no medication allergies. Temperature is 39 C (102.2 F), blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 110/min. Physical examination reveals dry mucous membranes and delayed capillary refill. The abdomen has diffuse tenderness over the lower quadrants. The external genitalia have no abnormalities; speculum examination shows purulent discharge from the cervical os. The uterus is small, anteverted, and tender to palpation and motion. The adnexa are markedly tender bilaterally, with no palpable masses. Cervical nucleic acid amplification testing is pending. Urine pregnancy test is negative. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin 13.4 g/dL Platelets 180,000/mm3 Leukocytes 18,000/mm3 Neutrophils 80% Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Admit the patient and wait for nucleic acid amplification test results Q B. Inpatient treatment with cephalosporin plus doxycycline Q C. Outpatient treatment with cephalosporin plus doxycycline Q D. Outpatient treatment with metronidazole plus clindamycin Q E. Outpatient treatment with metronidazole plus doxycycline Submit A 24-year-old woman comes to the emergency department after being sexually assaulted 2 hours ago by a male coworker in their building's parking garage. She is tearful and avoids eye contact but can give a detailed account of the incident. The patient had no head trauma or loss of consciousness. She has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. Her last menstrual period was 2 weeks ago. The police are notified and present for the examination. There is bruising across the abdomen, around the neck, and on both wrists. Pelvic examination shows tender abrasions on the labia minora. A speculum examination is deferred, and evidence for the sexual assault kit is collected. A urine pregnancy test is negative, and emergency contraception is given. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Admission for inpatient psychiatric evaluation 0 B. Empiric sexually transmitted infection treatment 0 C. Initiation of antidepressant therapy D. Observation and reassurance only0 E. Review of risk factors for sexual assault 0 Submit An 87-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to severe abdominal pain and vomiting. The pain began suddenly yesterday and waxes and wanes, but it never goes away completely. The patient has also felt nauseated and vomited once today. She has not had hematemesis or melena. The patient has a history of hypertension, atrial fibrillation, insulin-dependent type 2 diabetes mellitus, and colonic diverticulosis. She takes amlodipine, metoprolol, and basal-bolus insulin; anticoagulation therapy was stopped a year ago due to gastrointestinal bleeding. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 37.7 C (99.8 F), blood pressure is 102/54 mm Hg, pulse is 104/min and irregularly irregular, and respirations are 20/min. BMI is 29 kg/m2. On physical examination, the patient appears anxious. Mucous membranes are moist. Cardiopulmonary examination reveals clear lungs and normal first and second heart sounds. The abdomen is soft with very mild, diffuse tenderness and no guarding or rebound tenderness. Complete blood count Hemoglobin Platelets Leukocytes Serum chemistry Sodium Potassium Chloride Bicarbonate Blood urea nitrogen Creatinine Glucose Laboratory results are as follows: 15.4 g/dL 265,000/mm3 14,800/mm3 (9% bands) 135 mEq/L 3.8 mEq/L 102 mEq/L 14 mEq/L 30 mg/dL 1.2 mg/dL 244 mg/dL Testing for stool occult blood is positive. Which of the following is most likely to reveal the cause of this patient's abdominal pain? A. Abdominal ultrasonography0 B. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy0 C. Mesenteric angiography 0 very mild, diffuse tenderness and no guarding or rebound tenderness. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin Platelets Leukocytes Serum chemistry Sodium Potassium Chloride Bicarbonate Blood urea nitrogen Creatinine Glucose 15.4 g/dL 265,000/mm 3 14,800/mm3 (9% bands) 135 mEq/L 3.8 mEq/L 102 mEq/L 14 mEq/L 30 mg/dL 1.2 mg/dL 244 mg/dL Testing for stool occult blood is positive. Which of the following is most likely to reveal the cause of this patient's abdominal pain? A. Abdominal ultrasonography0 B. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy0 C. Mesenteric angiography0 D. Plain abdominal radiography0 E. Serum beta-hydroxybutyrate level0 F. Stool culture for bacterial pathogens0 Submit A 35-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to worsening chest and abdominal pain, nausea, and an episode of nonbilious emesis over the past 4 hours. The patient states severe and sharp pain abruptly began in her chest and progressed to the epigastric region, and the pain radiates to her back. Medical history includes Turner syndrome, obesity, and hypertension. She does not use tobacco or recreational drugs; she drinks 3-5 alcoholic beverages per week. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 160/94 mm Hg, and pulse is 110/min. On physical examination, the lungs are clear and heart sounds are normal. There is mild abdominal tenderness, especially in the upper abdomen, and bowel sounds are decreased. ECG demonstrates sinus tachycardia but is otherwise normal. Laboratory studies reveal leukocytosis with elevated bands, normal serum troponin, and an elevated serum amylase level. Noncontrast CT scan of the abdomen reveals dilated bowel loops, a normal-appearing pancreas, and no free air. Which of the following is the best next step in evaluation of this patient? A. Barium small bowel follow-through 0 B. CT angiography of the chest and abdomen 0 C. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy0 D. MR cholangiopancreatography 0 E. Ultrasonography of the right upper quadrant 0 Submit A 37-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to vomiting and severe lower abdominal pain. The patient developed sudden.onset, sharp, right lower quadrant pain after waking up this morning. The pain has increased despite taking acetaminophen, and now she has persistent vomiting. The patient has been undergoing clomiphene ovulation induction due to anovulatory infertility, and her last menstrual period was 5 weeks ago. She has no medical conditions and has had no surgeries. Temperature is 37.8 C (100 F), blood pressure is 140/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min. Abdominal examination shows tenderness over the right lower quadrant with guarding and rebound tenderness. On bimanual examination, there is tenderness in the right adnexa but no palpable masses or cervical motion tenderness. Hemoglobin level is 13 g/dl and leukocyte count is 16,000/mm3. Quantitative J3-hCG is 2,840 mlU/mL. A transvaginal pelvic ultrasound shows a singleton gestation within the uterine cavity and normal bilateral adnexa with normal Doppler flow. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Acute appendicitis0 B. Ectopic pregnancy0 C. Hyperemesis gravidarum 0 D. Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome0 E. Ovarian torsion 0 Submit A 11-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to persistent vomiting. The first episode of emesis occurred 12 hours ago, and for the past 4 hours, the patient has been unable to keep any liquids down. She also has nausea and epigastric discomfort but no fever, abdominal distension, or diarrhea. The patient is a competitive gymnast. Yesterday, she fell and struck her abdomen hard on the balance beam during practice. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 106/72 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 18/min. On examination, mucous membranes are dry. Lung and heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is scaphoid with linear bruising across the epigastrium. On palpation, there is epigastric tenderness without guarding, rigidity, or rebound tenderness. Upright chest and abdominal x-rays are normal, with no free air under the diaphragm. Focused assessment with sonography for trauma reveals no intraperitoneal free fluid or air. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Antiemetics and observation only0 B. CT scan of the abdomen 0 C. Diagnostic peritoneal lavage 0 D. Exploratory laparotomy 0 E. Gallbladder ultrasonography0 Submit A 68-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to sudden onset of severe epigastric pain 2 hours ago, accompanied by nausea and an episode of vomiting. The patient has had intermittent abdominal discomfort over the past several months, and an abdominal ultrasound performed 2 weeks ago revealed several small gallstones. Other medical conditions include hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, and heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. The patient has a 30-pack-year smoking history and drinks 1 or 2 beers occasionally. Temperature is 38 C (100.4 F), blood pressure is 150/92 mm Hg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 26/min. Auscultation reveals normal lung and heart sounds. There is marked upper abdominal tenderness with guarding. ECG reveals no acute ST-segment or T-wave changes. Chest x-ray is shown in the image below: Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current symptoms? ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current symptoms? Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current symptoms? A. Acute cholecystitis0 B. Acute gallstone pancreatitis 0 C. Aortic dissection0 D. Biliary colic 0 E. Perforated peptic ulcer0 Submit A 19-year-old college student is brought to the emergency department by his friends due to severe retrosternal and upper abdominal pain. The patient was out with his friends drinking alcohol and celebrating the end of final exam week. An hour before arrival, he had several episodes of emesis, which is when he began experiencing the pain. He has had no medical issues other than ankle sprains while playing basketball. The patient has smoked cigarettes on several occasions and drinks alcohol on the weekends. His father died of a myocardial infarction at the age of 45. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), blood pressure is 95/56 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 30/min. Pulse oximetry is 97% on room air. Height is 201 cm (6 ft 7 in), and weight is 90 kg (198.4 lb). On physical examination, the patient appears intoxicated and diaphoretic. Oral mucous membranes are dry, and there is no pharyngeal erythema. Cervical lymph nodes are not enlarged, but there is palpable crepitus in the suprasternal notch. Lung auscultation reveals bilateral symmetric breath sounds. Heart sounds are normal. There is mild epigastric tenderness without guarding or rebound. There is no extremity edema or cyanosis. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current condition? Q A. Alcohol-induced pancreatitis 0 B. Aortic dissection 0 C. Aspiration pneumonitis 0 D. Esophageal perforation 0 E. Mallory-Weiss syndrome 0 F. Ruptured subpleural bleb A 17-year-old, previously healthy boy is brought to the emergency department due to a 3-day history of abdominal pain and diarrhea. The patient initially developed watery, loose stools with periumbilical pain that has since moved to the right lower quadrant. Over the past 24 hours, he has had 12 mucus-containing, loose bowel movements as well as nausea and fever. His younger brother has also had diarrhea, which has contained some streaks of blood, for the past few days but is now improving. Temperature is 38.8 C (101.8 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 110/min. Examination shows mild diaphoresis. Right lower quadrant tenderness is present; there is no rebound or rigidity. Laboratory analysis shows a white blood cell count of 13, 700/mm3 with 80% neutrophils. What is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Acute appendicitis 0 B. Campylobacter infection C. Cecal diverticulitis0 D. Escherichia coli O157:H? infection0 E. Norovirus infection0 Submit A 59-year-old woman arrives at the emergency department due to right upper quadrant abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, and fever since yesterday. She has no hematemesis, constipation, diarrhea, or shortness of breath. The patient's medical history is significant for hypertension, stable coronary artery disease, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 38.9 C (102 F), blood pressure is 112/76 mm Hg, pulse is 101/min, and respirations are 18/min. Oxygen saturation is 96% on room air. BMI is 34 kg/m2. Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities. There is marked tenderness and voluntary guarding to palpation in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Laboratory results are as follows. Complete blood count Hemoglobin 12.1 g/L Platelets 310,000/mm3 Leukocytes 18,300/mm3 Chemistry panel Serum sodium 144 mEq/L Serum potassium 4.1 mEq/L Blood urea nitrogen (BUN) 28 mg/dL Serum creatinine 1.1 mg/dL Blood glucose 350 mg/dL Liver studies Total bilirubin 1.9 mg/dL Alkaline phosphatase 93 U/L Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT) 42 U/L Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT) 40 U/L Abdominal imaging demonstrates a distended gallbladder with gas in the gallbladder wall and lumen. There is no gas in the biliary tree. What is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? r'\ A A I I I Platelets 310,000/mm3 Leukocytes 18,300/mm3 Chemistry panel Serum sodium 144 mEq/L Serum potassium 4.1 mEq/L Blood urea nitrogen (BUN) 28 mg/dl Serum creatinine 1.1 mg/dl Blood glucose 350 mg/dl Liver studies Total bilirubin 1.9 mg/dl Alkaline phosphatase 93 U/L Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT) 42 U/L Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT) 40 U/L Abdominal imaging demonstrates a distended gallbladder with gas in the gallbladder wall and lumen. There is no gas in the biliary tree. What is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Acute cholangitis 0 B. Biliary-enteric fistula 0 C. Emphysematous cholecystitis 0 D. Gallstone ileus 0 E. Peptic ulcer perforation 0 Submit A 43-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department with bloody emesis. Her medical history is significant for idiopathic cirrhosis. The patient was hospitalized 5 months ago for variceal band ligation. On initial evaluation, blood pressure is 88/52 mm Hg, pulse is 121/min, and respirations are 22/min. Pulse oxymetry is 96%, on room air. The patient is somnolent and barely arousable to sternal rub. Dried blood is seen around her mouth. The abdomen is distended with a positive fluid shift. There is 1+ peripheral edema. Her hemoglobin is 7.5 g/dl, and the platelet count is 59,000/mm3. The International Normalized Ratio is 1.9. Two large-bore catheters are placed, and 2 L of normal saline are rapidly infused. Despite resuscitation with crystalloids, the patient remains minimally responsive; her blood pressure is 89/49 mm Hg and pulse is 119/min. While still in the emergency department, she continues to have repeated episodes of bloody vomiting with clots. A unit of packed red blood cells is prepared for transfusion. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Abdominal x-ray 0 B. Diagnostic paracentesis 0 C. Endotracheal intubation 0 D. Nasogastric tube placement0 E. Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy 0 Submit A 32-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department an hour after developing acute-onset, right upper quadrant abdominal pain followed by syncope. The patient works at her family farm and felt well prior to the onset of these symptoms. She has no chronic medical conditions. She is sexually active and uses combined estrogen-progestin oral contraceptives. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 38.1 C (100.6 F), blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 20/min. Oxygen saturation is 95% on room air. The patient appears anxious and pale. Examination shows abdominal distention, diffuse abdominal tenderness, and tender hepatomegaly. Bowel sounds are decreased. Extremities are cold, and capillary refill is delayed. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin 9.1 g/dL Platelets 180,000/mm3 Leukocytes 10,200/mm3 Abdominal ultrasound of the right upper quadrant shows a solid liver mass and free fluid in the abdomen. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Focal nodular hyperplasia 0 B. Hepatic abscess 0 C. Hepatic adenoma 0 D. Hepatic hemangioma 0 E. Hepatocellular carcinoma0 F. Hydatid cyst 0 Submit A 68-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to 2 days of progressive confusion and lethargy. His symptoms started approximately 4 days ago with malaise, nausea, and vomiting. The patient has hypertension and chronic back pain due to spinal stenosis. Laminectomy 4 years ago provided limited symptom improvement. The patient's medications include daily losartan and as-needed hydrocodone.acetaminophen. His wife says that for the past 2 weeks he has been taking additional acetaminophen for a severe toothache. The patient smokes a pack of cigarettes and drinks 2 shots of whiskey daily. He has a remote history of intravenous drug abuse. His blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg, pulse is 108/min, and BMI is 32 kg/m2. The patient is sleepy but wakes when spoken to and follows instructions. He is oriented to person and place. There is mild scleral icterus. Cardiopulmonary examination is unremarkable, and a smooth and tender liver edge is palpable 3 cm below the right costal margin. The patient has a mild flapping tremor of both hands. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hematocrit  42%  Platelets  160,000/mm3  Leukocytes  9000/mm3  Serum chemistry Blood urea nitrogen 32 mg/dL Creatinine 1.9 mg/dL Liver function studies Total bilirubin 3.3 mg/dL Alkaline phosphatase 220 U/L Aspartate aminotransferase 3207 U/L Alanine aminotransferase 4180 U/L INR 1.6 (normal 0.8-1.2) Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Acute alcoholic hepatitis Hematocrit Platelets Leukocytes Serum chemistry Blood urea nitrogen Creatinine Liver function studies Total bilirubin Alkaline phosphatase Aspartate aminotransferase Alanine aminotransferase INR Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Acute alcoholic hepatitis0 B. Hepatitis C infection 0 C. lschemic hepatitis0 D. Liver cirrhosis 0 E. Medication-induced liver injury 0 F. Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis 0 42% 160,000/mm3 9000/mm3 32 mg/dl 1.9 mg/dl 3.3 mg/dl 220 U/L 3207 U/L 4180 U/L 1.6 (normal 0.8-1.2) Submit A 44-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a motor vehicle collision. He was restrained in the driver's seat when a truck hit his car on the driver's side. The patient did not lose consciousness but was dazed for several minutes after the collision. Subsequently, he began to experience severe left leg pain. On arrival, blood pressure is 102/62 mm Hg and pulse is 118/min. Oxygen saturation is 96% on room air. The patient is conscious and answers questions appropriately. On physical examination, the pupils are equal and reactive to light. Multiple small facial lacerations are present. A cervical collar is in place. Breath sounds are symmetric and heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is diffusely tender. There is obvious deformity and tenderness of the left thigh. Portable chest x-ray reveals no pneumothorax or widened mediastinum. Rapid infusion of isotonic fluids is ongoing. Which of the following is the best immediate step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the chest with contrast0 B. CT scan of the head without contrast0 C. Focused Assessment with Sonography for Trauma 0 D. Left femur radiography0 E. Portable abdominal radiography0 A 65-year-old man has a cardiac arrest in a shopping mall. Resuscitation is initiated in the field, and the patient is successfully defibrillated. In the emergency department, he is found to have ST segment elevations in the inferior leads and then has an episode of sustained ventricular tachycardia that is treated with intravenous amiodarone. The patient is taken to the cardiac catheterization lab and is found to have a thrombotic occlusion of the right coronary artery, which is successfully treated with percutaneous coronary intervention. On the second day of hospitalization he demonstrates full neurologic recovery and is asymptomatic. Laboratory results are as follows: Liver function studies Albumin 3.8 g/dL Total bilirubin 1.3 mg/dL Alkaline phosphatase 114 U/L Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT} 1355 U/L Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT} 1124 U/L The patient's laboratory results were within normal limits 1 week prior to admission. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the new findings? A. Acalculous cholecystitis0 B. Acute viral hepatitis 0 C. Hepatocyte ischemia 0 D. Medication-induced liver injury 0 E. Muscle injury 0 Submit A 24-year-old primigravid woman at 10 weeks gestation comes to the emergency department with severe nausea and vomiting. During the past 3 weeks, the patient has had nausea lasting most of the day with occasional emesis, but over the past day her vomiting has become so severe that she has been unable to keep down any fluids. Her medical history includes obesity and appendectomy. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 90/50 mm Hg, pulse is 116/min, and respirations are 16/min. The patient is clutching an emesis basin, into which she frequently spits. On physical examination, mucous membranes are dry and skin turgor is decreased. Heart and breath sounds are normal, and the abdomen is soft and nontender. Transvaginal ultrasound shows a viable, intrauterine twin pregnancy. She is admitted to the hospital for intravenous fluids and antiemetics. Although her emesis subsides, 4 hours later she reports worsening chest discomfort that radiates to her back. Blood pressure is 102/66 mm Hg, and pulse is 112/min. Breath sounds are equal, and a retrosternal crunching sound is heard with each heartbeat. The abdomen is soft but mildly tender in the epigastrium. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Acute pancreatitis0 B. Aspiration pneumonitis0 C. Biliary colic 0 D. Esophageal perforation 0 E. Mallory-Weiss syndrome 0 F. Reflux esophagitis 0 Submit A 52-year-old woman comes to the emergency department for rectal pain that started 2 hours ago. The pain is described as severe, burning, and exacerbated while sitting. Medical history is significant for chronic idiopathic constipation, for which she takes a fiber supplement. The patient has 4 children, all of whom were vaginally delivered. Family history is unremarkable. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 37.2 (99 F), blood pressure is 138/84 mm Hg, and pulse is 90/min. On physical examination, the patient appears in moderate distress due to pain. The abdomen is soft, nondistended, and nontender. Bowel sounds are normoactive. Anal examination reveals a small, exquisitely tender, bluish lesion at the anal verge. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Condyloma acuminata 0 0 B. Crohn disease 0 C. Perianal abscess D. Prolapsed internal hemorrhoid 0 E. Rectal prolapse 0 F. Thrombosed external hemorrhoid0 A 37-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to 2 days of progressive, colicky abdominal pain, abdominal distension, nausea, and vomiting. He had a similar episode 2 years ago that resolved spontaneously and did not require medical attention. He has no chronic medical conditions. Temperature is 36.8 C (98.2 F), blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min. The abdomen is distended and tender without rigidity or guarding. Abdominal x-ray is shown in the image below: Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Cecal volvulus 0 8. Gastric outlet obstruction 0 C. lleocolic intussusception 0 D. Paralytic ileus 0 E. Toxic megacolon A 37-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to 2 days of progressive, colicky abdominal pain, abdominal distension, nausea, and A 37-year-old woman is brought to the hospital with abdominal pain and confusion that began 24 hours ago. The patient describes the pain as stabbing and unremitting. It is worse in the upper abdomen and associated with nausea and frequent nonbloody emesis. Medical history is significant for type 1 diabetes mellitus and major depression. The patient has been hospitalized for diabetic ketoacidosis in the setting of insulin noncompliance as well as for a suicide attempt as a teenager. Temperature is 38.9 C (102 F), blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 24/min. The patient is oriented to person but not to place or time. The mucous membranes are dry, and capillary refill is delayed. Heart and lung sounds are unremarkable. The abdomen is markedly tender in the right upper quadrant and epigastrium but with no rebound or guarding. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin 13 g/dL Platelets 385,000/mm3 Leukocytes 14,800/mm3 Serum chemistry Sodium 138 mEq/L Potassium 4.5 mEq/L Chloride 105 mEq/L Bicarbonate 16 mEq/L Glucose 390 mg/dL Liver function studies Total bilirubin 2.8 mg/dL Direct bilirubin 2.1 mg/dL Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT} 32 U/L Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT} 64 U/L Lipase 22 U/L (normal: 5-70) Bicarbonate  16 mEq/L  Glucose  390 mg/dl  Liver function studies  Total bilirubin  2.8 mg/dl  Direct bilirubin  2.1 mg/dl  Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT)  32 U/L  Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT)  64 U/L  Lipase  22 U/L (normal: 5-70)  Urinalysis  Specific gravity  1.03  Glucose  positive  Ketones  negative  Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?  A. Acetaminophen overdose 0 B. Acute cholangitis 0 C. Acute viral hepatitis 0 D. Diabetic ketoacidosis 0 E. Ethanol overdose 0 F. Mesenteric arterial occlusion 0 G. Necrotizing pancreatitis 0 Submit A 15-day-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to 2 occurrences of green vomit this morning. The patient has been exclusively breastfed since birth but has shown little interest in feeding over the past 24 hours. His last stool was 2 days ago. The patient was born full term by uncomplicated vaginal delivery, and he had an uneventful nursery course, including the passage of meconium on the first day of life. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 85/50 mm Hg, pulse is 142/min, and respirations are 46/min. Examination shows a fussy boy with dry mucous membranes and a mildly sunken anterior fontanelle. The abdomen is soft and distended. The mother is instructed to withhold breastfeeding, and intravenous fluids are given. Abdominal x-ray reveals no free air. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Contrast enema0 B. CT scan of the abdomen 0 C. Serial abdominal x-rays0 D. Ultrasound of the pylorus0 E. Upper gastrointestinal series0 A 75-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to worsening generalized abdominal pain and nausea for the past 2 days. He has multiple chronic medical conditions and resides at a nursing facility. Temperature is 37 .2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 128/7 4 mm Hg, and pulse is 94/min. Abdominal examination shows distension and diffuse tenderness without rigidity or rebound tenderness. Abdominal x-ray is shown in the image below: ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook Which of the following factors in this patient's history most likely increased the risk for developing this condition? 0 A. Chronic constipation 0 B. Colonic hypermotility 0 C. Electrolyte abnormalities 0 D. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use 0 E. Recent antibiotic therapy Submit A 62-year-old man comes to the emergency department with severe epigastric pain lasting an hour. He has had postprandial epigastric discomfort for the past several days, but now the pain is severe and constant. The patient also feels nauseated and has vomited once since the pain began. Medical history is significant for hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, and coronary artery disease. He underwent coronary artery stenting 5 months ago. Temperature is 37.6 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 116/70 mm Hg, pulse is 108/min, and respirations are 24/min. ECG shows Q waves in the inferior leads. Chest x-ray is shown in the image below: Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Cardiac catheterization ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Cardiac catheterization Q B. CT scan of the abdomen with oral contrast 0 C. Emergent surgical exploration 0 D. Gallbladder ultrasonography 0 E. Mesenteric angiography Q F. Nasogastric suction and serial abdominal examinations Q G. Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy Submit A 70-year-old male presents to the emergency room complaining of weakness, dizziness and back pain. He denies nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, chest pain, palpitations, shortness of breath, urinary symptoms, or black stools. His past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus, diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy, hypertension, atrial fibrillation and chronic leg cellulitis. He takes warfarin for chronic anticoagulation. On physical examination, his blood pressure is 120/70 mmHg and his heart rate is 110 and irregular. His WBC count is 10,500/mm3, hemoglobin level is 7 .0 g/dl and platelet count is 170,000/mm3. An abdominal CT image is shown on the slide below. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Renal cell carcinoma0 0 B. Vertebral fracture 0 C. Retroperitoneal hematoma D. Hydronephrosis0 E. Mesenteric ischemia0 A 46-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to severe pain in her left buttock near the anus. The pain is particularly worse when passing stool. Although the patient is uncertain when the discomfort first began, she notes that the pain has increased significantly over the past 24 hours. She has never experienced symptoms like this. Two years ago, the patient was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus, which has been controlled with oral medication. Temperature is 37. 7 C (99.9 F), blood pressure is 125/82 mm Hg, and pulse is 89/min. A well-defined, 2-cm, hot, tender, mass is located between the anus and the left ischial tuberosity. The mass fluctuates on palpation. What is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? Q A. Admit to the hospital, start intravenous antibiotics, and perform urgent colonoscopy Q B. Admit to the hospital, start intravenous antibiotics, and reevaluate in 48 hours Q C. Discharge home with oral antibiotics and follow-up in 48 hours Q D. Perform prompt surgical incision and drainage alone Q E. Perform prompt surgical incision and drainage followed by antibiotic therapy Submit A 45-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to 18 hours of abdominal pain and fever. The pain began suddenly after she ate dinner and drank 2 glasses of wine. It has been constant and radiates to the right shoulder blade. The patient has had similar episodes in the past, but the pain has never lasted longer than 45 minutes or been so severe. Temperature is 38.8 C (101.8 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 105/min, and respirations are 19/min. Heart and lung sounds are normal. Abdominal examination shows mild distension and tenderness in the right upper quadrant and epigastrium with voluntary guarding but no rebound tenderness. Bowel sounds are decreased. Laboratory results are significant for leukocytosis with a left shift. Which of the following antibiotics is most appropriate for this patient? 0 A. Azithromycin 0 B. Clindamycin C. Piperacillin-tazobactam0 D. Vancomycin0 Submit An 18-year-old football player is brought to the emergency department due to persistent pain following a hard tackle. The patient had just caught a pass when he was tackled from the front, with the opponent landing all his weight on the patient's abdomen. Immediately afterward, he began to experience abdominal discomfort and nausea. Blood pressure is 92/64 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 24/min. The patient is alert but appears anxious. Bilateral breath sounds are clear and equal. Heart sounds are normal without murmur. The abdomen is mildly distended and tender to palpation diffusely. Chest x-ray and pelvic x-ray are normal. Focused Assessment with Sonography for Trauma reveals intraperitoneal free fluid. Further evaluation of this patient is most likely to reveal which of the following? 0 A. Abdominal aortic tear 0 B. Bladder rupture 0 C. Diaphragmatic tear D. Duodenal hematoma 0 E. Pancreatic transection 0 F. Splenic laceration0 A 78-year-old woman is brought from the nursing home to the emergency department due to worsening abdominal distension. Over the past 3 days, the patient has had decreased appetite and progressive abdominal distension that is now accompanied by diffuse abdominal discomfort. Her last bowel movement was 4 days ago. Medical history is significant for dementia, hypertension, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, and chronic constipation. Surgical history includes open appendectomy and open cholecystectomy. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 138/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min. Physical examination shows a distended and tympanitic abdomen with diffuse tenderness to palpation but no rigidity or rebound tenderness. Blood counts and serum electrolytes are within normal limits. Abdominal x-ray is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Emergency total abdominal colectomy0 B. Manual disimpaction and laxative therapy 0 C. Nasogastric decompression and bowel rest only0 D. Therapeutic flexible sigmoidoscopy0 E. Upper gastrointestinal series with small-bowel follow-through0 A 7-month-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to persistent bilious vomiting for the past 6 hours. The infant has had no fever, diarrhea, or recent illness. His last bowel movement was 24 hours ago. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and has had no surgeries. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 70/50 mm Hg, pulse is 180/min, and respirations are 65/min. Cardiac examination demonstrates normal heart sounds with no rubs or murmurs. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. The child moans on soft palpation of the abdomen, which is distended and hypertympanic. Bowel sounds are absent on auscultation. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? 0 A. Acute appendicitis B. Intestinal malrotation 0 C. Necrotizing enterocolitis 0 D. Pyloric stenosis 0 E. Viral gastroenteritis 0 Submit An 82-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to fever and confusion. Yesterday, he experienced abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, and rigors in the nursing home where he lives. Earlier today, he was found to be lethargic. Medical history includes hypercholesterolemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and Alzheimer dementia. The patient quit smoking 30 years ago and does not drink alcohol. Temperature is 39.1 C (102.4 F), blood pressure is 105/55 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 20/min. He is lethargic but arousable to strong stimuli. On examination, the mucous membranes are dry. Sciera! icterus is present. No cardiac murmurs are heard. The lungs are clear to auscultation. There is marked tenderness in the right upper quadrant and epigastrium but no distension, rebound, or guarding. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin  14.8 g/dL  Platelets  420,000/mm3  Leukocytes  18,500/mm3  Neutrophils  90%  Eosinophils  2%  Lymphocytes  7%  Liver function studies Total bilirubin 2.5 mg/dL Alkaline phosphatase 215 U/L Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT) 68 U/L Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT) 95 U/L Lipase 520 U/L (normal: 5-70) An abdominal ultrasound reveals multiple gallstones and a dilated common bile duct. The gallbladder wall is not thickened. In addition to aggressive intravenous hydration and antibiotics, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. CT scan of the abdomen 0 B. Emergent cholecystectomy Complete blood count Hemoglobin  14.8 g/dL  Platelets  420,000/mm3  Leukocytes  18,500/mm3  Neutrophils  90%  Eosinophils  2%  Lymphocytes  7%  Liver function studies Total bilirubin 2.5 mg/dL Alkaline phosphatase 215 U/L Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT) 68 U/L Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT) 95 U/L Lipase 520 U/L (normal: 5-70) An abdominal ultrasound reveals multiple gallstones and a dilated common bile duct. The gallbladder wall is not thickened. In addition to aggressive intravenous hydration and antibiotics, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the abdomen 0 B. Emergent cholecystectomy 0 C. Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography 0 D. HIDAscan0 E. No additional intervention 0 Submit A previously healthy 19-year-old man comes to the emergency department (ED) due to persistent abdominal discomfort. The patient previously came to the ED 3 days ago after he fell while mountain biking. He did not lose consciousness and recalls hitting the handlebars prior to flipping and landing on his back. His trauma workup-which included CT scan of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis-was negative, and he was discharged. Since then, the patient has had persistent upper abdominal discomfort and nausea, along with an episode of nonbilious emesis. Temperature is 38.1 C (100.6 F), blood pressure is 104/62 mm Hg, and pulse is 108/min. The lungs are clear to auscultation, and heart sounds are normal. Ecchymosis is present across the upper abdomen, which is tender to palpation with voluntary guarding. Bowel sounds are decreased. Bedside ultrasonography reveals a large amount of free fluid in the upper abdomen. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's condition? A. Abdominal aortic tear 0 B. Diaphragmatic rupture 0 C. Hepatic laceration 0 D. Splenic rupture 0 E. Pancreatic duct injury 0 Submit A 55-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to worsening rectal pain. The pain started abruptly yesterday while the patient was having a bowel movement. He says it is "excruciating." He has no fever, abdominal pain, hematochezia, or unexpected weight loss. Medical history is significant for chronic constipation. Temperature is 37.5 C (99.5 F), blood pressure is 155/90 mm Hg, pulse is 1 OS/min, and respirations are 12/min. The abdomen is nontender and nondistended. Rectal examination shows an exquisitely tender, purplish mass just below the dentate line. Which of the following is the immediate next step in management? 0 A. Hemorrhoidectomy 0 B. Infrared coagulation 0 C. Rubber band ligation Q D. Stool softener and an antispasmodic medication Q E. Stool softener, antispasmodic medication, and an antibiotic Submit A 10-month-old girl is brought to the emergency department for evaluation of bright red stools. About an hour ago, the girl's mother found bright red-tinged formed stools mixed with mucus in the patient's diaper. The patient has had intermittent abdominal pain since yesterday. These episodes resolve after 10-15 minutes but have been occurring more frequently since this morning. The patient goes to day care, and several other children have had runny nose, vomiting, and diarrhea over the past week. She takes no medications, and her immunizations are up to date. Temperature is 37.3 C (99.1 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 150/min. Examination reveals diffuse abdominal tenderness; the infant also appears tired. Fecal testing is positive for blood and negative for leukocytes. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Acute dysentery0 B. Appendicitis0 C. Crohn disease0 D. I ntussusception 0 E. Juvenile polyps0 A 5-year-old, previously healthy boy is brought to the emergency department due to a 3-day history of abdominal pain and diarrhea. The pain is diffuse, crampy, and associated with nausea. The diarrhea was watery for the first 2 days and bloody for the past 24 hours. The patient has had no fever. He has not traveled outside the United States and takes no medications. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 94/56 mm Hg, and pulse is 138/min. Height and weight are at the 50th percentile. On examination, the patient is in mild distress due to abdominal pain. Mucous membranes are dry. Bowel sounds are hyperactive. The abdomen is diffusely tender without rebound. A stool sample shows gross blood. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? 0 A. Infection with C/ostridium perfringens 0 B. Infection with Entamoeba histolytica 0 C. Infection with Escherichia coli D. I ntussusception 0 E. Meckel diverticulum 0 Submit A 29-year-old man comes to the emergency department with persistent vomiting and abdominal pain for the last 24 hours. The pain is crampy, diffuse, and getting worse. He had a normal bowel movement 3 days ago and has no diarrhea. The emesis appears green without blood or coffee grounds. The patient has not eaten since the onset of the pain due to nausea. His temperature is 36.8 C (98.2 F), pulse is 91/min, and blood pressure is 116/75 mm Hg while sitting and 94/65 mm Hg while standing. His abdomen is distended with hyperactive bowel sounds. Percussion reveals tympany, and the patient is diffusely tender to palpation. There is no rebound tenderness or guarding. Laboratory results are as follows: Hematocrit 45% Leukocyte 9,600 cells/µL Sodium 147 mEq/L Potassium 3.1 mEq/L Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL Aspartate aminotransferase 20 U/L Alanine aminotransferase 12 U/L Bilirubin 0.8 mg/dL Which of the following historical findings would most likely be seen in this patient? A. Appendectomy 6 months ago0 B. Fatty food intolerance0 C. High alcohol consumption0 D. Occasional black or tarry stool0 E. Recent fever and nonbloody diarrhea0 F. Recent weight loss0 Submit A 3-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to abdominal pain. The pain began several hours ago and comes and goes. During these episodes, he holds his belly, screams, and draws up his legs. He has had nonbloody, nonbilious vomiting 3 times since the last painful episode. Between the episodes, the patient has no pain and is playful. His last bowel movement was yesterday and was normal. Two weeks ago, he had gastroenteritis that resolved after 3 days. He otherwise has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 95/50 mm Hg, and pulse is 100/min. Abdominal examination shows a soft abdomen that is tender with voluntary guarding to palpation at the right upper and lower quadrants. Rectal examination reveals no fissures or hemorrhoids. The remainder of the examination is normal. Ultrasound of the abdomen is shown in the image below: Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Air enema0 B. CT scan of the abdomen 0 C. Exploratory laparotomy 0 D. HIDAscan0 E. Technetium-99m pertechnetate scan0 Submit An 11-month-old girl is brought to the emergency department by her stepfather because she is "not acting like herself." For the past 2 days, the girl has had intermittent episodes, lasting 10-15 minutes, during which she cries inconsolably and flexes her hips. Since this morning, the patient has seemed more tired, napping more than usual. Her appetite has been poor; she did not eat breakfast today. The girl was born at term and has no chronic medical conditions. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 100/62 mm Hg, pulse is 160/min, and respirations are 20/min. On examination, the patient is alert but appears tired. Anterior fontanelle is closed. Oral mucous membranes are slightly dry, and the neck is supple. Cardiopulmonary examination is unremarkable. The abdomen is mildly tender but nondistended. There is no rebound tenderness or guarding. Neurologic examination shows equal and reactive pupils, and the face appears symmetric. Strength is 5/5 bilaterally, and reflexes are equal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Abdominal ultrasound0 B. Blood and urine cultures 0 C. CT scan of the head0 D. Lumbar puncture0 E. Urine drug screen0 F. Urine organic acid panel 0 Submit A 14-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by ambulance from his school. The patient is accompanied by his gym teacher, who says the boy suddenly developed left-sided abdominal pain during track practice. The patient has no significant medical history, and vaccinations are up to date. Temperature is 36.7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 65/30 mm Hg, pulse is 160/min, and respirations are 30/min. Oxygen saturation is 100%, on room air. On examination, the patient is pale, diaphoretic, and in distress. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. The abdomen is distended and diffusely tender to palpation. He has no skin rash. Bedside ultrasound examination reveals free fluid in the abdomen. Hemoglobin is 9 g/dl. Further evaluation of this patient would most likely reveal which of the following? A. Abnormal hemoglobin electrophoresis 0 0 B. Familial hypertriglyceridemia 0 C. Family history of liver disease D. Peptic ulcer disease 0 E. Recent antibiotic use0 F. Recent viral infection 0 A 36-year-old woman comes to the urgent care clinic due to worsening right lower extremity pain and swelling for the past several days. The patient has a history of injection drug use. She also exchanges sex for drugs and is inconsistent with condom use. Temperature is 37.1 C (98.8 F), blood pressure is 126/76 mm Hg, pulse is 86/min, and respirations are 13/min. Oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. On physical examination, edema, erythema, and warmth of the right leg are noted with increased calf and thigh diameters. There are injection marks in the right groin. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Acute lymphangitis 0 B. Deep venous thrombosis 0 C. Lymphatic filariasis 0 D. Lymphogranuloma venereum E. Necrotizing myositis 0 Submit A 17-year-old girl comes to the emergency department due to a nosebleed that began an hour ago after she was hit in the face by a basketball. She pinched the nostrils for about 20 minutes in an attempt to stop the bleeding, but the hemorrhage continued after pressure was removed. The patient has a history of heavy, painful menses and takes scheduled ibuprofen for the first few days of her period. Her last period was a week ago. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F). Examination shows clear lung fields with normal S1 and S2. The liver span measures 8 cm along the midclavicular line, and the spleen is not palpable. Scattered ecchymoses are present on both legs and arms. Laboratory results are as follows: Hematocrit  36%  Platelets  9,000/mm3  Leukocytes  5,500/mm3  Neutrophils  60%  Eosinophils  1¡/o  Lymphocytes  32%  Monocytes  7%  Fibrinogen  250 mg/dL (normal: 150-350 mg/dL)  PT  13 sec  Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's condition? A. Blocked production of thromboxane A2 0 8. Bone marrow infiltration by malignant cells 0 C. Decreased circulating von Willebrand protein0 D. Deficient ADAMTS 13 activity 0 E. Hyperactivation of coagulation and fibrinolysis 0 F. Platelet autoantibody production 0 Submit A 15-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to pain in her arms, legs, and lower back. The patient has sickle cell disease and in the past has been hospitalized for pain crises and pneumococcal sepsis. Her current symptoms began this morning, but she is out of her medications, including oxycodone, hydroxyurea, and penicillin. Temperature is 37.6 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 158/88 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 24/min. Pulse oximetry is 99¡/o on room air. The patient is alert but anxious. Cardiac examination shows a flow murmur. The lungs are clear to auscultation. The abdomen is soft with no organomegaly. The legs and back are moderately tender to palpation. Morphine is given for pain control, and 1 hour afterward the patient is suddenly unable to move her left side. Examination shows 1/5 strength in the left upper and lower extremities and 5/5 strength in the right upper and lower extremities. Sensation is also diminished on the left side. Fingerstick glucose is 110 mg/dl. CT scan of the head shows no acute pathology. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Antiplatelet therapy 0 B. Blood culture and antibiotic therapy 0 C. Exchange transfusion 0 D. Intravenous heparin0 E. Naloxone0 Submit A48-year-old, previously healthy woman is brought to the emergency department after being crushed between cars. She works at a car wash, where her legs and abdomen were pinned between a car exiting the wash bay and a parked car. On arrival, blood pressure is 74/32 mm Hg and pulse is 118/min. Physical examination shows obvious lower extremity deformity and severe pelvic tenderness. Further evaluation reveals multiple fractures of the pelvis and the shaft of the right femur. The patient rapidly receives 4 L of intravenous fluid and 4 units of packed red blood cells. Repeat blood pressure is 106/58 mm Hg and pulse is 104/min. Urgent operative fixation of the pelvic and femur fractures is planned. Preoperative laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hematocrit 26% Platelets 90,000/mm3 Coagulation studies PT time 18 sec (INR: 1.6) Activated PTT 45 sec Plasma fibrinogen 300 mg/dl (normal: 150-400) D-dimer 100 ng/dl (normal: <400) Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's coagulation abnormalities? A. Acquired inhibitor of a coagulation factor0 8. Dilutional effect of large-volume resuscitation0 C. Impaired synthesis of coagulation factors 0 D. Massive consumption of coagulation proteins 0 E. Prolonged refrigeration of blood products 0 Submit A 24-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department (ED) after a motor vehicle collision. She was the passenger in a vehicle that collided with an 18-wheeler. Paramedics state that the patient was ejected from the vehicle and found on the side of the road. They placed 2 large-bore intravenous lines, infused 1 L of crystalloid, and transported her to the ED. Blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, pulse is 138/min, and respirations are 24/min. On examination, the eyes are closed, and the patient is moaning. AuscultaUon of the lungs reveals decreased breath sounds on the right. The abdomen is tender in the right and left upper quadrants. The patient has an obvious deformity of the left thigh. The extremities are cold and clammy. Chest x-ray reveals a right hemothorax. Focused assessment with sonography for trauma examination shows evidence of free fluid in the right and left upper quadrants. A right chest tube is placed, and 1.5 L of blood is returned. Which of the following is the best next step in management? Q A. Administer an additional liter of crystalloid 0 B. Administer a vasopressor Q C. Transfuse group 0, Rh .-negative packed red blood cells Q D. Transfuse group 0, Rh .-positive packed red blood cells Q E. Transfuse type-specific packed red blood cells after type and cross-matching Submit A 21-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after being stepped on by a bull approximately 30 minutes ago. The patient was bucked off of the bull, whose hind feet landed on his chest. On arrival, blood pressure is 75/50 mm Hg, pulse is 140/min, and respirations are 24/min. On examination, the patient moans in pain but does not answer questions. Two hoof prints are seen in the middle of the chest. He has decreased bilateral breath sounds, and crepitus is present over the anterior chest walls bilaterally. The abdomen is soft and nondistended. There is no obvious injury to the extremities, but they are cool, and capillary refill is decreased. Bilateral chest tubes are immediately placed, and 1.5 L of blood is returned from each side. Vital signs do not improve after placement of chest tubes. Four units of packed red blood cells are prepared for transfusion. What other blood products, if any, should also be administered at this time? A. 4 units of cryoprecipitate only 0 B. 4 units of fresh frozen plasma and 4 units of platelets 0 C. 4 units of fresh frozen plasma only 0 D. 4 units of platelets only 0 E. No additional blood products 0 A 26-year-old man is brought to the hospital after a motor vehicle collision. The patient was found unconscious at the scene and was intubated on the way to the hospital. Initial imaging showed left-sided epidural hematoma, multiple rib fractures, and a pelvic fracture. He was immediately taken to the operating room for epidural hematoma evacuation. During resuscitation and in the postoperative period, the patient received 4 L of intravenous fluids and 3 units of packed red blood cells. Although he was hemodynamically stable on day 1 of hospitalization, the nursing report on day 2 notes reduced urine output. In addition, there is persistent oozing from the patient's venipuncture sites and around the surgical wound. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's bleeding? 0 A. ABO incompatibility 0 B. Acute liver failure 0 C. Complement-mediated microangiopathy D. Consumptive coagulopathy 0 E. Drug-induced thrombocytopenia 0 F. Vitamin K deficiency 0 A 22-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance after sustaining a gunshot wound to the abdomen during a home invasion. The event occurred 45 minutes prior to arrival. Because of hypotension, paramedics administered 1 L of normal saline en route to the emergency department. On arrival, blood pressure is 98/62 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 22/min. The patient is awake and moaning in pain. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally, and heart sounds are normal. One bullet wound is noted in the left upper quadrant. The abdomen is tender and distended. The patient is moving all his extremities, but they are cool and clammy. Focused Assessment with Sonography for Trauma examination shows free fluid in the abdomen. Continuation of additional normal saline fluid boluses in this patient would likely result in which of the following? Q A. Decreased risk for acute respiratory distress syndrome Q B. Decreased risk for hypothermia Q C. Increased risk for coagulopathy Q D. Increased risk for metabolic alkalosis Submit A 5-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to decreased energy and alertness. The patient has sickle cell disease and has been fatigued since yesterday. She has no fever or cough. She takes penicillin and folic acid. Temperature is 37.1 C (98.8 F), blood pressure is 80/40 mm Hg, pulse is 190/min, and respirations are 30/min. Pulse oximetry is 97% on room air. The patient is lethargic but can follow simple commands. There is faint scleral icterus, and mucous membranes are dry. Cardiac examination shows tachycardia with a 2/6 systolic murmur at the left sternal border. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Abdominal examination shows tenderness, and the spleen is palpated 6 cm below the costal margin. Strength is 4/5 in all extremities, and sensations are intact. Reflexes are equal bilaterally, and cerebellar examination is unremarkable. The results of a complete blood count are as follows: Hemoglobin 5 g/dl Platelets 70,000/mm3 Leukocytes 8,000/mm3 In addition to intravenous fluids, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient's condition? A. Norepinephrine infusion0 B. Packed red blood cell transfusion 0 C. Splenectomy0 D. Tranexamic acid0 E. Whole blood transfusion 0 Submit An 11-year-old boy with sickle cell disease is brought to the emergency department with worsening shortness of breath, weakness, and fatigue over the past 3 days. The patient has no fever, cough, or chest pain. He has had many hospitalizations for treatment of acute pain and a hospitalization for acute chest syndrome. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98 F). Pulse oximetry is 98% on room air. Physical examination shows a pale, tired-appearing boy. Cardiac examination reveals tachycardia; a 3/6 systolic murmur is heard throughout the precordium. The lungs are clear to auscultation. The abdomen is soft and nontender with no palpable liver or spleen. Laboratory results are as follows: Hemoglobin 4.5 g/dL Reticulocytes 0.1 % Platelets 200,000/mm3 Leukocytes 1 0,000/mm3 Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? A. Acute chest syndrome 0 B. Aplastic anemia0 C. Aplastic crisis0 D. Autoimmune hemolytic anemia 0 E. Myocardial infarction0 F. Splenic sequestration crisis0 Submit A 20-year-old woman comes to the emergency department in January due to severe myalgias, fever, headache, and nausea that developed 4 hours ago. She has also had several episodes of nonbloody emesis over the past hour. The patient was feeling well this morning before her symptoms started. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. The patient has no known medication allergies. Temperature is 40.3 C (104.5 F), blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 115/min. She is confused and has difficulty concentrating. Lung examination is normal. There is marked tenderness to palpation of the muscles along her extremities, which are mottled and cool to the touch. Complete blood count reveals a white blood cell count of 28,000/mm3 with 12% bands. A noncontrast head CT is unremarkable. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Discharge home with symptomatic management only Q B. Give intravenous fluids and antiemetics, hold for observation Q C. Order CT chest with contrast 0 D. Perform lumbar puncture Q E. Send rapid influenza test and discharge with oseltamivir if positive A 3-year-old, previously healthy boy is brought to the emergency department due to a daylong history of vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, and fever. The patient has vomited 3 times and had 5 watery stools. He has no ear pain or urinary symptoms, and he has voided 3 times today. Temperature is 38 C (100.4 F), blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 20/min. On physical examination, the patient is not in acute distress. Buccal mucous membranes are slightly dry. Capillary refill is 2 seconds. Skin turgor is normal. The patient has mild discomfort on deep palpation on the center of the abdomen; there is no rigidity, rebound, or guarding. Bowel sounds are hyperactive. What is the most appropriate next step in management? 0 A. Admit to the hospital for intravenous fluids 0 B. Discharge home with oral rehydration solution C. Obtain abdominal x-ray 0 D. Obtain fecal leukocyte testing 0 E. Obtain stool cultures 0 Submit A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his mother due to a hand injury. She noticed that the patient's right hand was swollen and that he was not using it despite being right-handed. He has a history of oppositional defiant disorder and refuses to say how his hand was injured. Temperature is 38 C (100.4 F), blood pressure is 110/72 mm Hg, and pulse is 80/min. The dorsum of the right hand is swollen. There is erythema centered over the middle finger metacarpophalangeal (MCP) joint, where there is a small, linear scab; the area is fluctuant on palpation, and passive movement of the joint elicits severe pain. Right hand x-ray reveals soft tissue swelling, no retained foreign body, and no underlying fractures or dislocations. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. lntraarticular glucocorticoid injection Q B. Oral antibiotic therapy and outpatient follow-up Q C. Oral nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and outpatient follow-up Q D. Surgical irrigation and debridement of the MCP joint Submit A 54-year-old man comes to the emergency department after 2 days of fever, chills, dysphagia, and drooling. The patient has been unable to eat or drink due to pain in his mouth and neck. He has a history of heavy alcohol use but does not use recreational drugs. Temperature is 38.8 C (101.8 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 108/min, and respirations are 22/min. The patient appears toxic with drooling and a muffled voice. The tongue is displaced posteriorly and superiorly due to a swollen area on the floor of the mouth. The bilateral submandibular area is tender, indurated, and nonfluctuant with palpable crepitus. Which of the following is the most likely source of infection in this patient? 0 A. Bloodstream 0 B. Epiglottis 0 C. Lymph nodes 0 D. Palatine tonsils 0 E. Parotid glands 0 F. Teeth roots Submit A 38-year-old woman comes to the emergency department complaining of severe pain and swelling in her left leg. She fell 2 days ago while playing recreation-league soccer and suffered a mildly painful abrasion to her posterior left thigh. The pain has worsened steadily since and is now unbearable. Initially only her left proximal thigh was painful and red, but now the pain has spread to her buttock and proximal calf. The patient also complains of fatigue and chills. Her temperature is 39.4 C (102.7 F), blood pressure is 82/60 mm Hg, pulse is 104/min, and respirations are 18/min. Physical examination shows a swollen left thigh with moderate erythema over the left proximal thigh and buttock. The buttock and distal thigh are markedly tender to palpation, and the patient has no sensation to light touch over the proximal thigh. Blood pressure improves with intravenous fluids. CT scan of the affected area is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Abscess0 B. Cellulitis0 C. Hematoma0 D. Necrotizing fasciitis 0 E. Pyomyositis0 F. Thrombophlebitis0 G. Toxic shock syndrome 0 Submit A 12-year-old boy is brought back to the emergency department (ED) by his mother due to worsening symptoms. The boy was evaluated in the ED yesterday for 3 days of fever, abdominal pain, generalized body aches, and headache. Evaluation revealed no significant abnormalities at that time, and the boy was sent home and advised to take ibuprofen. However, overnight he developed confusion and worsened abdominal pain. The patient lives near a lake surrounded by woods and often plays there with his friends. Temperature is 39 C (102.2 F), blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 20/min. There is no neck stiffness or lymphadenopathy. Oropharynx is clear. A maculopapular rash is now present on the arms and legs. There is nonspecific generalized abdominal tenderness with no rebound or rigidity. Neurologic examination is nonfocal. Laboratory results are as follows: Leukocytes 4,600/mm3 Platelets 46,000/mm3 Alanine aminotransferase (SGPT) 158 U/L Aspartate aminotransferase (SGOT) 202 U/L Alkaline phosphatase 105 U/L Creatinine 1.1 mg/dL CT scan of the abdomen shows no abnormalities. What is the most appropriate next step in management? A. Amoxicillin0 B. Doxycycline0 C. Laparoscopy0 D. Prednisone0 E. Serum ceruloplasmin level 0 F. Stool for ova and parasites 0 Submit A 15-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to 4 days of intermittently having high-grade fevers, along with chills, headache, vomiting, and bilateral flank pain. He has no significant medical history, takes no medications, and has received all age-appropriate vaccinations. The patient traveled with his family to Vietnam for the summer and returned 2 weeks ago. Temperature is 39 C (102.2 F), blood pressure is 96/64 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 24/min. Physical examination shows a normal oropharynx, clear lungs, normal heart sounds, and normal abdomen. There are no rashes or extremity edema. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin  9 g/dL  Hematocrit  27%  Platelets  110,000/mm3  Leukocytes  9,000/mm 3  Neutrophils  84¡/o  Eosinophils  2%  Lymphocytes  14%  Which of the following is most likely to establish a diagnosis in this patient?  A. Assay for heterophile antibody 0 B. Blood cultures 0 C. Blood smear0 D. CT scan of the abdomen 0 E. Stool cultures0 Submit An 8-month-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to fever and decreased appetite. For the past 3 days, he has had fever despite receiving acetaminophen and ibuprofen. Today, the patient has been refusing solid foods. He is still breastfeeding, but the mother notes that his latch feels weak and that he falls asleep within 1-2 minutes of feeding. The patient has been awake only 2 hours today; most of that time, he was crying. Immunizations are up to date. He attends day care twice a week but has stayed home with his mother since becoming sick. Temperature is 40 C (104 F). Blood pressure, pulse, and respirations are normal for age. On examination, the patient appears sleepy and has a high-pitched cry when roused. The anterior fontanelle is bulging. The pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light. Extraocular movements are normal. There are no focal neurologic deficits. Complete blood count and blood culture are pending. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the head 0 B. Dexamethasone therapy 0 C. Intravenous antibiotics 0 D. Lumbar puncture 0 E. Mannitol infusion 0 Submit A 3-day-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to irritability. The patient was discharged yesterday evening after an uncomplicated labor and vaginal delivery. Since last night, she has been crying during her wake periods and sleeping up to 7 hours at a time. She refused to feed this morning. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F) and pulse is 180/min. Weight today is down 5% from birth. The patient is crying and unable to be consoled by the mother. The anterior fontanelle is soft. Cardiac examination reveals regular tachycardia and no murmurs. Lungs are clear to auscultation, and abdominal examination is normal. The skin is clear. Glucose is 70 mg/dL. Leukocyte count is 3,000/mm3. Which of the following is the most appropriate treatment of this patient's clinical presentation? 0 A. Ampicillin and gentamicin 0 B. Ceftriaxone and vancomycin 0 C. Dextrose infusion D. Morphine0 E. Propranolol0 Submit A 73-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to increasing confusion for the last day. The patient has a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, neuropathy, nonhealing foot ulcer, and coronary artery disease. On arrival, he is lethargic. Temperature is 37.6 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 18/min. Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 97%. Mucous membranes are moist. Cardiopulmonary examination reveals no abnormalities. The abdomen is soft and nontender. Neurologic examination shows no focal findings. A nonhealing diabetic ulcer with small eschar is present over the right heel; there is no purulence, tenderness, or surrounding erythema. Laboratory results are as follows: Sodium 140 mEq/L Potassium 4.0 mEq/L Chloride 102 mEq/L Bicarbonate 16 mEq/L Glucose 220 mg/dL Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient within the first hour of arrival in the emergency department? A. CT scan of the head 0 B. Debridement of the foot eschar 0 C. Intravenous antibiotics 0 D. Intravenous dopamine 0 E. Short-acting insulin0 Submit A 55-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to a 3-week history of fatigue and exertional shortness of breath. She feels "exhausted" all the time and takes several naps during the day. The patient had rheumatic fever as a child and was diagnosed with mild mitral stenosis as an adult. Her last cardiology follow-up was 6 months ago, and she reported no symptoms. The patient's other medical problems include hypercholesterolemia and diet-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus. She has progressive dental caries requiring several tooth extractions; the last was 4 weeks ago. The patient does not smoke and drinks alcohol occasionally. Temperature is 37.8 C (100.0 F), blood pressure is 120/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min and regular. Cardiac examination shows a 3/6 holosystolic murmur at the apex as well as a diastolic rumble. The lungs are clear on auscultation. Abdominal examination is unremarkable. A linear hemorrhage is present under the right index nail. Laboratory results are as follows: Leukocytes 13,600/mm3 Hemoglobin 10.1 gm/dL Creatinine 1.3 mg/dL Urinalysis reveals 1 + protein. Blood cultures are sent. Which of the following organisms is most likely to be isolated in this patient? A. Group B streptococci 0 B. Enterococci0 C. Staphylococcus aureus0 D. Staphylococcus epidermidis0 E. Streptococcus gallolyticus (S bovis) 0 F. Streptococcus mutans0 G. Streptococcus pneumoniae 0 Submit A 7-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to a cat bite on her right arm. She was bitten while picking up a neighbor's cat by its tail. Afterward, her mother immediately cleaned the wound with hydrogen peroxide. The patient's vaccinations are up to date, and her most recent tetanus vaccine was 3 years ago. Her temperature is 36.9 C (98.4 F), blood pressure is 108/70 mm Hg, pulse is 107/min, and respirations are 21/min. Physical examination shows a deep puncture wound on the anterolateral aspect of the patient's right forearm. There is no visible debris in the wound and no active bleeding. Neurovascular function is intact. Her wound is copiously irrigated with saline and cleaned with povidone-iodine. Which of the following is the best next step in management? 0 A. Administer tetanus booster 0 B. Close wound with sutures 0 C. Observe with close follow-up D. Prescribe amoxicillin-clavulanate 0 E. Prescribe azithromycin 0 F. Prescribe clindamycin 0 A 42-year-old man comes to the office due to increasing anal pain. Three days ago, he noticed mild anal discomfort when wiping after a bowel movement; since then, the pain has steadily increased and is now constant and severe. The patient has had no anal drainage, hematochezia, or melena. Medical history includes hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus. There is no family history of colon cancer. Temperature is 38.3 C (100.9 F), blood pressure is 122/74 mm Hg, and pulse is 90/min. Examination shows an erythematous, tender, 2-cm mass external to the anal verge on the right. Digital rectal examination is normal, and stool guaiac testing is negative. Incision and drainage are performed under local anesthesia, yielding approximately 5 ml of purulent fluid. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Colonoscopy 0 B. CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis 0 C. No further management indicated D. Oral prednisone therapy 0 E. Systemic antibiotic therapy 0 Submit A 13-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his parents due to lethargy and confus~on. A week ago, the patient had fever and sore throat. The next day, he developed an itchy rash on his back; the rash spread to his face, chest, and extremities. Yesterday he was more tired than usual and began complaining of headache, and today the patient is difficult to arouse and is speaking incoherently. He has not received any childhood vaccinations. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 16/min. On examination, the patient is lethargic. Mucous membranes are moist, and the oropharynx is clear. The neck is supple. Heart and lung sounds are unremarkable. He has a diffuse rash with papules, pustules, and vesicles as well as some crusted lesions. Neurologic examination shows decreased strength throughout. This patient's condition is most likely caused by infection with which of the following? A. Herpes simplex virus 0 B. Measles virus 0 C. Neisseria meningitidis0 D. Varicella-zoster virus 0 E. West Nile virus 0 A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to high fever and sore throat. He also has severe, diffuse leg pain. The symptoms started abruptly 8 hours ago, and the patient says that he has "never felt as terrible" as in the past few hours. Temperature is 39.1 C (102.4 F). On examination, the patient appears pale. There is diffuse erythema of the posterior pharynx without exudate. The tonsils are enlarged bilaterally. The neck is supple without significant adenopathy. Heart and lung examinations are normal. There is no hepatosplenomegaly. The bilateral lower extremities are diffusely tender to palpation with mottling of the skin. Rapid streptococcal and influenza testing are negative. A complete blood count and blood culture are obtained. Which of the following additional diagnostic tests is the best next step in evaluation of this patient? A. CT scan of the neck 0 B. Heterophile antibody test0 C. HIV antigen/antibody test0 D. Lumbar puncture 0 E. Throat culture for diphtheria0 A 15-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to 18 hours of headache and lethargy. The headache began last night after she returned from a camping trip with her friends during which she had been healthy. The patient had fever and vomiting overnight, and this morning her family had difficulty waking her. She has no significant medical history. Temperature is 39.6 C (103.3 F), blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 22/min. The patient is obtunded and responds only to deep, painful stimuli. Physical examination shows resistance to passive neck flexion and several petechiae on the lower extremities. Cerebrospinal fluid results are as follows: Glucose 20 mg/dL Protein 4 75 mg/dL Leukocytes 2,000/mm3 Neutrophils 90¡/c, Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's condition? A. Acute Lyme disease 0 B. Arboviral encephalitis0 C. Meningococcal infection0 D. Pneumococcal meningitis0 E. Rocky Mountain spotted fever 0 F. Toxic shock syndrome 0 Submit A 7-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department with a painful swollen eye. She awoke this morning with left eye swelling, which has progressively worsened throughout the day. The patient has seasonal allergies for which she takes an over-the-counter antihistamine. She has no other significant medical history. Temperature is 39.1 C (102.4 F). Examination of the left eye shows tender, swollen, erythematous eyelids and a small abrasion below the eyelid. There is mild conjunctiva! injection but no drainage. Extraocular movements are normal and do not cause pain. Visual acuity is 20/20 bilaterally. Funduscopic examination is normal, and examination of the right eye is unremarkable. Facial sensation is intact. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Allergic conjunctivitis 0 B. Anterior uveitis C. Bacterial conjunctivitis 0 D. Cavernous sinus thrombosis 0 E. Optic neuritis 0 F. Orbital cellulitis 0 G. Preseptal cellulitis 0 Submit An 11-month-old girl is brought to the emergency department by her parents due to a rash. Yesterday, the patient developed a rash on her face that has now spread over her entire body. The parents say that she has been ill for the past 3 days with fever, cough, rhinorrhea, and "pink eye." The patient has no other medical problems and has received all age-appropriate vaccinations as of age 6 months. She takes no medications and has no allergies. Approximately 3 weeks ago, the family returned from a trip to the Philippines for her grandfather's funeral. The patient lives with her parents and several pets, including a dog, turtle, and new kitten. Temperature is 39.6 C (103.3 F), blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 30/min. The patient appears tired and irritable with dry mucous membranes. The conjunctivae are injected without discharge. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Examination shows a blanching, erythematous maculopapular rash covering the face and entire body except for the palms and soles. Which of the following infection-control measures is most effective in preventing the spread of this patient's infection to others in the emergency department? A. Airborne precautions0 B. Antibiotic prophylaxis0 C. Antiviral prophylaxis0 D. Passive immunization0 E. Vitamin A 0 Submit A 22-year-old man comes to the emergency department with a persistent, painful erection he has had for the past 6 hours. The patient has had similar episodes that lasted 1-2 hours but resolved spontaneously. He says his symptoms started this morning without provocation when he woke up. The patient recently started a summer job working outside pouring concrete. Medical history includes sickle cell disease; he has not taken any medications other than his usual folic acid. The patient does not use alcohol or illicit drugs. On examination, the penis is rigid, and the glans is soft. The scrotum is normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management? 0 A. Administer a packed red blood cell transfusion 0 B. Administer an intravenous beta blocker 0 C. Administer sublingual nitroglycerin 0 D. Aspirate blood from the corpora cavernosa 0 E. Insert a urinary catheter Submit A 59-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to lower abdominal pain. The patient has had 2 days of fever, chills, dysuria, and pelvic pain; this morning, he was unable to pass any urine. He has never had similar symptoms before and has no history of chronic urinary or bowel issues. Medical history is significant for hyperlipidemia and coronary artery disease. Temperature is 39 C (102.2 F), blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg, and pulse is 98/min. Suprapubic fullness and tenderness are present. Digital rectal examination shows an edematous and exquisitely tender prostate. The external genitalia are normal. A suprapubic catheter is placed, which drains 800 ml of urine. Laboratory examination reveals the following: Complete blood count Leukocytes 17,800/mm3 Serum chemistry Creatinine 1.7 mg/dL Urinalysis Leukocyte esterase positive Nitrites positive White blood cells 10-20/hpf Which of the following is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy for this patient? A. Azithromycin0 B. Clindamycin0 C. Doxycycline0 D. Levofloxacin0 E. Nitrofurantoin0 Submit A 10-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to penile pain. Two hours earlier, he was practicing martial arts with his older brother when he was accidentally kicked directly in the groin. The patient had severe pain at the time of impact and continues to have moderate pain but no nausea or vomiting. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 118/62 mm Hg, and pulse is 88/min. The pelvis is stable and nontender to downward pressure. The medial thighs and perineum appear normal. The dorsal aspect of the penis has moderate bruising and swelling. There is a small contusion on the left hemiscrotum. Bilateral testes are nontender to palpation, have normal contours, and retract with stroking of the medial thighs. The patient gives a urine sample, which is pinkish red. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis 0 B. Examination of the prostate 0 C. Foley catheterization 0 D. Oral analgesics and outpatient follow-up 0 E. Retrograde urethrography 0 F. Testicular ultrasound 0 Submit A 4-year-old boy is brought to the office by his mother due to constant itching, redness, and white discharge around the penis. The redness around the glans began 1 week ago, and he was seen 5 days ago in the office at which time gentle retraction and foreskin hygiene was recommended. His mother has been appropriately cleaning the area, but the redness has not improved. The patient has no chronic medical conditions, and his vaccinations are up to date. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, pulse is 76/min, and respirations are 16/min. The abdomen is soft and nontender, and the bladder is not palpable. The penis is uncircumcised, and the glans penis is erythematous with thick, white discharge around the glans when the foreskin is retracted. There is no phimosis or paraphimosis. No urethral discharge or inguinal lymphadenopathy is noted. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Chlamydia and gonorrhea nucleic acid amplification testing Q B. Potassium hydroxide microscopy Q C. Reassurance and continue routine foreskin hygiene only Q D. Topical steroids followed by circumcision 0 E. Urine culture A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department with abdominal pain. Two hours ago, the patient was playing in a lacrosse match when he suddenly developed severe, persistent pain in his right lower quadrant with associated nausea. He experienced no trauma to the abdomen and has had no fever, vomiting, or diarrhea. The patient has had similar episodes over the past 3 weeks following lacrosse matches, but these episodes resolved shortly afterward with rest. He has no history of groin or scrotal swelling. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. He is sexually active with 1 partner and uses condoms inconsistently. Temperature is 37.7 C (99.9 F). The abdomen is soft, nontender, and nondistended. There is scrotal erythema and edema; the right hemiscrotum is tender to palpation. The pain is worsened when the scrotum is elevated, and the scrotum does not transilluminate. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? A. Epididymitis0 B. Incarcerated inguinal hernia 0 C. Infected hydrocele 0 D. Testicular hematoma 0 E. Testicular rupture 0 F. Testicular torsion 0 Submit A 22-year-old primigravida at 34 weeks gestation is brought to the emergency department by ambulance due to sudden loss of consciousness followed by generalized shakjng. The paramedics initiated an intravenous magnesium sulfate bolus, which was infusing rapidly when the patient arrived at the hospital. She says she is very tired and has blurry vision and a headache. The patient also has muscle pain and sore joints and is unable to move her right arm. Blood pressure is 145/98 mm Hg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 16/min. She holds the right arm adducted and internally rotated. Examination shows loss of external rotation of the right arm but no sensory deficits. Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally, and handgrip and wrist strength are preserved on both sides. Urinalysis shows 3+ protein. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's right arm findings? A. Anterior shoulder dislocation0 B. Magnesium toxicity 0 C. Posterior shoulder dislocation0 D. Postictal (Todd) paralysis 0 E. Radial nerve compression0 A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance after a motor vehicle collision. The accident occurred 1 hour ago when his vehicle spun out of control and rolled over. He was wearing his seatbelt and his airbag deployed. The patient is alert and reports abdominal pain. Blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 106/min, and respirations are 16/min. On examination, lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally and the chest wall is nontender. Heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is nondistended with tenderness to palpation in the left upper quadrant. There are no gross deformities of the extremities. A Focused Assessment with Sonography for Trauma (FAST) examination reveals free fluid in the left subphrenic space. Which of the following is the best next step in management? 0 A. CT scan of abdomen and pelvis 0 B. Diagnostic peritoneal lavage 0 C. Exploratory laparotomy D. No additional workup 0 E. Serial abdominal examinations0 Submit A 64-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to sudden-onset headache associated with nausea, vomiting, and a sensation that the "room is spinning." The patient first noticed the symptoms yesterday when she awoke, and they have not improved. She has had no ear pain, hearing loss, fever, or chills. She was recently prescribed hydrochlorothiazide and lisinopril for hypertension. Medical history also includes type 2 diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia. The patient does not use tobacco or alcohol. Blood pressure is 124/76 mm Hg and pulse is 86/min. Neurologic examination with the patient lying still shows pure rotatory nystagmus but no extremity weakness or sensory loss. Walking causes worsening of symptoms, and the patient falls toward the left side. Finger-stick glucose is 145 mg/dl. Complete blood count and serum electrolytes are within normal limits. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Ambulatory ECG monitoring 0 B. Hydrochlorothiazide discontinuation0 C. Noncontrast CT scan of the head 0 D. Reassurance and oral meclizine therapy 0 E. Otolith repositioning maneuver0 A 21-year-old man sustained a fall, hitting the left side of his head on a rock. He did not lose consciousness, but during the next 30 minutes, he developed a headache and vomited twice. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medication. Blood pressure is 136/90 mm Hg and pulse is 68/min. On examination, he is drowsy but otherwise well oriented. Swelling and tenderness are noted over the left frontoparietal region. CT scan of the head will most likely reveal which of the following? 0 A. Diffuse axonal injury 0 B. Epidural hematoma 0 C. lntracerebral hemorrhage 0 D. Subarachnoid hemorrhage E. Subdural hematoma 0 Submit A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after being stabbed in the back. Vital signs are normal. He is alert and oriented, with a Glasgow Coma Score of 15. Neurologic examination demonstrates the absence of motor activity in all muscle groups of the right lower extremity, as well as decreased muscle tone. Left leg motor function is normal. Right patellar reflex, Achilles reflex, and Babinski sign are absent. There is loss of light touch and proprioception below the right costal margin. Pinprick sensation is absent on the left side at the level of the umbilicus and below. Which of the following is the most likely location of this patient's injury? 0 A. Anterior spinal artery injury at TB 0 B. Anterior spinal artery injury at T10 0 C. Complete spinal transection at TB 0 D. Complete spinal transection at T10 0 E. Left spinal hemisection at TB 0 F. Left spinal hemisection at T10 0 G. Right spinal hemisection at TB 0 H. Right spinal hemisection at T10 Submit A 2-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by ambulance due to convulsions. This morning, the patient was sitting on the sofa at home when he suddenly developed rhythmic movements of both arms and legs that lasted about 3 minutes. He was not responsive during the event. Emergency personnel report that the child was sleepy and seemed confused when they arrived. The patient has had rhinorrhea for the past 2 days and fever since this morning. He has had no cough, vomiting, or diarrhea. The patient has no chronic medical conditions, and immunizations are current. His uncle has epilepsy. Temperature is 39.2 C (102.6 F). Physical examination shows an alert and playful toddler. Bilateral conjunctivae are clear, and clear rhinorrhea is present. The neck is supple with full range of motion. Mucous membranes are moist, and capillary refill is <2 seconds. The remainder of the examination is normal. After treating the fever with acetaminophen, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Brain imaging 0 B. Electroencephalography0 C. Hospitalization for observation 0 D. Levetiracetam0 E. Lumbar puncture 0 F. Reassurance and discharge home0 G. Serum electrolyte panel 0 Submit A 62-year-old woman who works as a high school administrative assistant is brought to the emergency department by her coworker. She states that 2 hours ago she suddenly felt dizzy while sitting at her desk. A short time later, the patient tried to stand to go to the bathroom and felt like she was falling to the left. Her symptoms have been constant and disabling since they started. The dizziness is exacerbated by any movement of the head, and she has a mild posterior headache. Medical history is significant for hypertension. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 160/85 mm Hg, pulse is 78/min, and respirations are 16/min. The patient is awake and alert. Heart and lungs sounds are normal. Strength is 5/5 in the upper and lower extremities bilaterally. Finger-to-nose and heel-to-shin testing are abnormal on the left. Gait is ataxic. Noncontrast CT scan of the head is normal. ECG shows normal sinus rhythm. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administer intravenous alteplase 0 B. Administer oral meclizine and refer to physical therapy 0 C. Obtain carotid ultrasonography0 D. Obtain tilt table testing 0 E. Teach canalith repositioning maneuvers0 A 3-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department after a head injury. About 30 minutes ago, she was playing in the backseat of a parked car and leaned against the car door while her mother was loading groceries. When her mother opened the door, the patient fell forward onto the ground, hitting her forehead. The seat was approximately 0.6 m (24 in) from the ground. She cried immediately but has not vomited. Temperature is 37.4 C (99.3 F), pulse is 130/min, and respirations are 24/min. The patient is alert and oriented. During the examination, she is anxious but consolable by her mother. There are abrasions on the forehead and right cheek. There are no step-offs or hematomas. The pupils are equal and reactive. There is no nasal drainage. The tympanic membranes appear clear. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Admit for inpatient observation 0 B. Notify Child Protective Services 0 C. Obtain CT scan of the head without contrast0 D. Perform head ultrasound 0 E. Reassure and discharge home0 A 20-year-old hockey player is brought to the emergency department 30 minutes after falling headfirst into the hockey rink boards. He did not lose consciousness during the impact but was unable to move his arms and legs afterward. The patient was placed in a rigid cervical collar and transported to the hospital on a backboard; 2 large-bore intravenous catheters were inserted en route. On arrival, blood pressure is 128/78 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 14/min. The patient is alert and appears anxious. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. Neurologic examination shows intact cranial nerves. Pinprick and temperature sensation are absent below the level of the clavicles; vibratory sense is intact. The patient is still unable to move his extremities. CT scan of the cervical spine reveals a burst fracture of CS with impingement of posteriorly displaced fragments on the spinal cord. Neurosurgery is consulted. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administration of oral prednisone 0 B. Bladder catheterization 0 C. Femoral line placement 0 D. Nasogastric tube insertion0 E. Orotracheal intubation0 A 34-year-old man comes to the emergency department at 2:00 AM due to several episodes of acute right periorbital pain for the past week. The pain wakes him at night, spreading from behind his right eye to his face and right temple, and lasts 30-45 minutes. He says that the pain is so severe that his right eye waters and he has nasal drainage. The patient has no nausea or visual disturbances. Two years ago, he had similar episodes daily for about a month. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 136/84 mm Hg, and pulse is 88/min. The patient is restless and continuously rocks back and forth or paces around the room. Physical examination shows conjunctiva! injection and a constricted right pupil. Other examination findings, including neurologic examination, are normal. Which of the following is most likely to quickly improve this patient's current condition? A. Acetazolamide0 B. Carbamazepine0 C. Ergotamine0 D. Glucocorticoid0 E. Inhaled oxygen0 F. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs0 G. Orbital massage0 H. Topiramate0 I. Verapamil0 Submit A 62-year-old man returns to the emergency department due to urinary retention. Two days ago, the patient was moving furniture when he suddenly had sharp, shooting pain in the lower back and right leg. He came to the emergency department yesterday after his pain had not improved with naproxen. No work-up was indicated, and the patient was discharged with a short course of acetaminophen-hydrocodone. He took the medication and rested. When the patient woke up today, he had to strain to urinate. He has no chronic medical conditions. Vital signs are within normal limits. Examination of the right lower extremity shows that plantar flexion is impaired, sensation is reduced on the posterior aspect of the leg and the lateral edge of the foot, and the ankle reflex is absent. The straight-leg raising test markedly increases pain in the right posterior thigh and leg. Perianal sensation is decreased. The remainder of the neurologic examination is normal. What is the most likely cause of this patient's urinary retention? A. Compression of the cauda equina 0 B. Compression of the conus medullaris0 C. Medication adverse effect 0 D. S1 nerve root radiculopathy0 Submit A 75-year-old man is brought to the hospital for a 2-day history of intermittent confusion and agitation. He refused to allow his visiting nurse into his house for the first time. The patient was discharged from the hospital a week ago after a lumbar laminectomy due to degenerative disc disease. His other medical conditions include hypertension and chronic kidney disease. He takes lisinopril and acetaminophen/hydrocodone as needed for pain. Temperature is 38.5 C (101.3 F), blood pressure is 112/70 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 16/min. Pulse oximetry is 97% on room air. On mental status examination, the patient gets distracted and is oriented to person but not time or place. Crackles are present at both lung bases. Heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is soft and nontender. The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies obtained on arrival are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin Leukocytes Serum chemistry Sodium Potassium Bicarbonate Blood urea nitrogen Creatinine Glucose Urinalysis Specific gravity Leukocyte esterase Nitrites Bacteria White blood cells Red blood cells 11 g/dL 13,000/mm3 136 mEq/L 4.4 mEq/L 22 mEq/L 30 mg/dL 1.9 mg/dL 140 mg/dL 1.019 negative negative none 1-2/hpf 1-2/hpf Serum chemistry  Sodium  136 mEq/L  Potassium  4.4 mEq/L  Bicarbonate  22 mEq/L  Blood urea nitrogen  30 mg/dL  Creatinine  1.9 mg/dL  Glucose  140 mg/dL  Urinalysis  Specific gravity  1.019  Leukocyte esterase  negative  Nitrites  negative  Bacteria  none  White blood cells  1-2/hpf  Red blood cells  1-2/hpf  What is the best next step in the management of this patient?  A. Chest x-ray 0 B. CT scan of the head0 C. Electroencephalogram0 D. Lumbar puncture for spinal fluid evaluation0 E. Renal ultrasound0 Submit A 76-year-old woman is brought to the hospital due to confusion for the past hour. The patient's husband says she started having an occipital headache 2 hours ago and took acetaminophen and went to bed. An hour later, he had difficulty waking her and found her confused. Medical history is significant for hypertension and seizure disorder. The patient takes phenytoin, amlodipine, .and lisinopril. She lives with her husband and is independent in her daily activities. Temperature is 37.9 C (100.2 F), blood pressure is 170/100 mm Hg, and pulse is 70/min and regular. The patient is somnolent but wakes up with painful stimuli and withdraws all 4 extremities to pain. She is unable to follow simple commands and mumbles a few unintelligible words. Deep tendon reflexes are symmetric, and Babinski sign is absent bilaterally. Fingerstick blood glucose is 110 mg/dl. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the head with contrast0 B. CT scan of the head without contrast0 C. Electroencephalogram0 D. Lumbar puncture 0 E. Serum phenytoin level0 F. Urinalysis0 Submit A 14-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his parents after sustaining a head injury an hour ago. He was playing hockey and collided with another player, after which he fell and hit his head on the ice. The patient immediately developed a headache, followed by a single episode of vomiting. He remained awake, and his symptoms have since resolved. Vital signs are normal. The patient is alert and oriented to person, place, and time. He is unable to cite the months backwards. Neurologic examination is otherwise normal. CT scan of the head is normal. The patient asks whether he may play in a hockey game tomorrow morning. Which of the following is the best recommendation for return to competitive play in this patient? Q A. After 2 days of rest, followed by gradual progression of activity intensity 0 B. After 24 hours of physical rest Q C. After strict rest from physical activity for 2 weeks Q D. Immediate return to competitive play Q E. Pending a follow-up MRI brain in a week Submit A 55-year-old woman is brought to the hospital due to a day of worsening dyspnea. The patient has no cough, chest pain, or fever. The day before the onset of dyspnea, she had blurred vision, dry mouth, and mild nausea. The patient takes lisinopril for hypertension. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 36.8 C (98.2 F), blood pressure is 120/70 mm Hg, pulse is 65/min, and respirations are 18/min. Pulse oximetry on room air is 93%. The patient is alert but has increased work of breathing. The pupils are 6 to 7 mm and sluggishly reactive. The mucous membranes are dry. Cardiopulmonary and abdominal examinations show no abnormalities. The neck muscles are weak. Muscle strength is 4/5 in the upper extremities. Sensations are normal. Deep tendon reflexes are 2+, and Babinski sign is absent. Arterial blood gas analysis on room air reveals the following: pH  7.30  PaCO2  50 mm Hg  PaO2  75 mm Hg  What is the most likely cause of abnormal arterial blood gas findings in this patient? A. Decreased central respiratory drive 0 B. Impaired axonal transmission 0 C. Impaired neuromuscular transmission0 D. Increased airway resistance 0 E. Increased thoracic cage stiffness 0 F. Intrinsic skeletal muscle weakness 0 Submit A 64-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to sudden onset of painless lower extremity weakness. He was swimming in a pool when he suddenly felt his legs become weak and had to struggle to exit the pool. The patient has had no loss of consciousness or visual or speech problems, but he is unable to pass urine. He also has had back pain for the last 2 months. Medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and osteoarthritis. Physical examination shows significant motor weakness in both legs and numbness from the umbilicus to the soles of the feet. He has no sensation in the perinea! area. Rectal tone is absent. A urinary catheter is placed, and 800 ml of urine is collected. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the head without contrast0 0 B. Lumbar puncture 0 C. Nerve conduction studies D. Thoracolumbar brace0 E. Urgent neurosurgical evaluation0 Submit A 56-year-old man with a prolonged history of hypertension and medication nonadherence comes to the emergency department with abrupt-onset, severe, tearing back pain. Blood pressure is 240/130 mm Hg, and CT angiography reveals descending aortic dissection originating at the left subclavian artery takeoff and extending to the iliac arteries. Intravenous infusion of labetalol and nitroprusside are initiated, and the patient is admitted for further management. In the intensive care unit, the patient states that the pain has improved, but he is unable to move the lower extremities. Blood pressure is now 110/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 56/min. Physical examination shows normal heart and lung sounds and a distended urinary bladder. Neurological examination shows normal cranial nerves and upper extremity examination. There is weakness of bilateral lower extremities with decreased deep tendon reflexes. The patient is unable to sense crude touch and pain in the lower extremities, but vibration sensation is intact. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current neurological findings? A. Carotid artery occlusion0 8. Compressive lumbar myelopathy0 C. Global cerebral hypoperfusion0 D. Thoracic spinal cord ischemia0 E. Vertebral artery dissection0 Submit A 62-year-old man is brought to the emergency room 90 minutes after developing sudden-onset, right-sided weakness and difficulty speaking. When the patient woke this morning, he was in his usual state of health, but while eating breakfast, he suddenly began talking nonsensically and could not use his right arm. He has hypertension but takes no medications. Blood pressure is 175/98 mm Hg and pulse is 72/min. Oxygen saturation is 99% on room air. The patient has difficulty with simple commands and cannot name items. His right upper and lower extremities have flaccid tone and immediately fall when lifted. Point-of-care glucose is 178 mg/dl. Noncontrast CT scan of the head demonstrates a hyperdense left middle cerebral artery; simultaneous CT angiography reveals a flow void in the same region, and perfusion imaging shows a large mismatch between core and penumbra. What is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? Q A. Aspirin monotherapy with a statin Q B. Aspirin monotherapy without a statin Q C. Intravenous alteplase followed by mechanical thrombectomy Q D. Intravenous thrombolysis followed by observation Submit A 34-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to confusion. The patient recently lost his job and moved in with his parents yesterday because he could no longer afford housing. Today, his mother found him disoriented and unsteady. He has no known chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. Temperature is 38.5 C (101.3 F), blood pressure is 164/90 mm Hg, pulse is 108/min, and respirations are 22/min. The patient appears restless and is constantly picking at the bed linens, yelling, "Get these bugs off me." The lungs are clear on auscultation, and cardiac examination is unremarkable with the exception of regular tachycardia. The abdomen is soft and nontender. No extremity edema is present. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin 14.8 g/dL Mean corpuscular volume 104 µm3 Platelets 300,000/mm3 Leukocytes 11,000/mm3 Serum chemistry Sodium 146 mEq/L Potassium 3.1 mEq/L Magnesium 1.8 mg/dL Phosphorus 2.4 mg/dL Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL Which of the following would be most helpful to improve this patient's current condition? 0 A. Atypical antipsychotic agent 0 B. Broad-spectrum antibiotic 0 C. Long-acting benzodiazepine 0 D. Thyroid hormone replacement 0 E. Vitamin supplementation A 22-year-old man comes to the emergency department after a motor vehicle collision. His car was stopped at a red light when another vehicle hit his car's rear end at approximately 16 kph (9.9 mph). The patient was restrained; however, on impact, his head moved suddenly backward then forward. He has mild neck soreness but no other pain. Temperature is 36.8 C (98.3 F), blood pressure is 128/74 mm Hg, pulse is 82/min, and respirations are 14/min. The patient does not appear intoxicated. Glasgow Coma Scale score is 15, and neurologic examination is normal. Palpation of the midline spine elicits no pain. The rest of the physical examination is unremarkable. Which of the following is the most appropriate imaging for evaluating this patient's cervical spine for injury? Q A. Lateral, anteroposterior, and open-mouth radiographs of the cervical spine 0 B. MRI of the cervical spine 0 C. No cervical spine imaging is necessary Q D. Noncontrast CT scan of the cervical spine Q E. Portable lateral radiograph of the cervical spine Submit A 69-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to severe occipital headache, nausea, and vomiting for the last 3 hours. He has never had a headache like this before and has otherwise been in good physical condition. The patient was told several years ago that he has high blood pressure, but he has not been taking any medications or seen any health care providers. He has smoked half a pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years and drinks 1 or 2 cans of beer every evening. Both of his parents died of natural causes. Blood pressure is 160/90 mm Hg and pulse is 86/min and regular. His noncontrast head CT scan is shown in the image below. ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook Which of the following physical examination findings is most likely to be seen in this patient? 0 A. Homonymous hemianopia 0 B. Left hemineglect 0 C. Left hemiplegia D. Left hemisensory loss0 E. Pinpoint pupils 0 F. Right eye vision loss0 G. Right hemiataxia0 H. Right hemiplegia 0 I. Right hemisensory loss0 Submit A 10-week-old girl is brought to the emergency department after developing abnormal movements of the arms and legs. This morning, the patient developed a fever and had 3 episodes of emesis. An hour ago, she had sudden rhythmic jerking of the arms and legs, which stopped within 4 minutes. The patient was transported to the emergency department via ambulance and was sleepy during the trip. She has no chronic medical conditions, and vaccinations are up to date. Temperature is 39.3 C (102.7 F), pulse is 160/min, and respirations are 44/min. The patient appears drowsy on examination. The anterior fontanelle is open and full. She has a weak suck and decreased tone. The tympanic membranes and oropharynx are unremarkable. The neck is supple. Cardiac examination reveals tachycardia without murmurs. The lungs are clear bilaterally. The abdomen is soft with normal bowel sounds. Skin examination is normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Electroencephalography0 B. Intravenous lorazepam 0 C. Lumbar puncture 0 D. Neuroimaging0 E. Reassurance and discharge 0 Submit A 62-year-old man comes to the emergency department for evaluation of weakness. Five hours ago, he experienced abrupt-onset weakness in his left arm and leg. The symptoms improved over the next 30 minutes and he had no associated blurry vision, slurred speech, or facial drooping. However, the patient states he is still not "back to normal." He has never experienced similar symptoms. Medical history is significant for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and osteoarthritis. The patient takes no medications. He has a 25-pack-year history but quit smoking 5 years ago. Blood pressure is 160/96 mm Hg and pulse is 69/min and regular. There are no carotid bruits. Neurologic examination shows mild, left-sided pronator drift. The remainder of the neurologic examination is normal. CT scan of the head without contrast shows no hemorrhage or evidence of acute ischemic infarction. CT angiography of the head and neck does not demonstrate a large vessel occlusion. ECG shows sinus rhythm. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Antiplatelet agent0 B. Oral anticoagulation 0 C. Parenteral anticoagulation 0 D. Parenteral antihypertensive agent0 E. Systemic thrombolytic therapy 0 Submit A 40-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after an hour of sudden-onset, severe headache and progressive right-sided weakness. She has no chronic medical conditions and takes no medications. Temperature is 38.5 C (101.3 F), blood pressure is 170/100 mm Hg, and pulse is 110/min and regular. The pupils are 5 mm and reactive to light. The neck is supple. Right-sided facial weakness and slurred speech are noted. There is weakness and decreased pinprick sensation in the right upper and lower extremities. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal with no murmurs or gallops. The abdomen is soft, nontender, and without organomegaly. A noncontrast CT scan of the head reveals a left thalamic hemorrhage with no midline shift. Electrocardiogram is normal except sinus tachycardia. Which of the following is most likely to reveal the underlying etiology of this patient's symptoms? A. Carotid Doppler study 0 B. Echocardiogram0 C. Lumbar puncture 0 D. Thrombin time 0 E. Urine toxicology screen0 A 7 4-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to sudden onset of complete vision loss in her right eye. Her vision had been blurry for the past 24 hours and acutely worsened an hour ago. The patient has had no weakness or sensory changes in the extremities. Review of systems is positive for 2 months of generalized headaches. She has no nausea or vomiting but does have malaise and fatigue. Medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and bilateral cataract surgeries. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 156/86 mm Hg, and pulse is 78/min. Examination shows complete loss of vision in the right eye. The pupils are 4 mm bilaterally. Funduscopy shows a swollen pale disc with blurred margins. The lateral scalp is tender to palpation. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. Motor and sensory examinations are normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate therapy for this patient? A. High-dose systemic glucocorticoid 0 B. Intravenous acetazolamide 0 C. Low-dose oral glucocorticoid 0 D. Subcutaneous sumatriptan0 E. Systemic thrombolytic therapy 0 A 42-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to a severe headache. Three hours ago, the patient experienced a sudden bilateral headache that rapidly worsened in severity. She also has had neck pain and an episode of vomiting. The patient has had no prior headaches, and medical history is significant for hypertension. She works in a day care center. Temperature is 38.3 C (100.9 F), blood pressure is 154/92 mm Hg, and pulse is 102/min. Oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. On physical examination, the patient is in obvious discomfort and keeps her eyes closed. She follows simple instructions, and there is no focal weakness or numbness. Funduscopy shows no papilledema. There is increased resistance to passive neck flexion, and it also elicits pain. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. 100¡/c, oxygen inhalation 0 B. Cervical spine x-ray 0 0 C. CT scan of the head D. Lumbar puncture 0 E. Sumatriptan injection 0 Submit A 45-year-old, previously healthy man is brought to the emergency department due to acute-onset headache. The pain began 30 minutes ago when the patient was using the bathroom and is severe, generalized, and constant. He is also nauseated and progressively lethargic. The patient takes no medications. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 18/min. On physical examination, the patient appears somnolent and keeps his eyes closed. When he is instructed to open his eyes, there is obvious right-sided ptosis, and the right pupil is larger than the left. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Carotid artery dissection 0 B. Cavernous sinus thrombosis 0 C. Cluster headache 0 D. Lateral medullary syndrome 0 E. Subarachnoid hemorrhage Submit A 29-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to a week of progressive bilateral lower extremity weakness. He has no history of trauma or back pain. The patient had trigeminal neuralgia 13 months ago that resolved without treatment. He had a self-limited upper respiratory illness 2 weeks ago. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 122/76 mm Hg, and pulse is 82/min. Physical examination shows increased resistance to passive flexion and extension of the lower limbs. Deep tendon reflexes are 3+, and plantar reflexes are upgoing bilaterally. There is decreased vibratory and positional sensation in his left upper extremity but no other sensory loss. Which of the following would most likely be found on the cerebrospinal fluid analysis in this patient? 0 A. Albuminocytologic dissociation 0 B. Increased opening pressure 0 C. Neutrophilic pleocytosis D. Oligoclonal bands0 E. Positive VDRL test0 Submit A 29-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to a week of progressive bilateral lower extremity weakness. He has no history of trauma or back pain. The patient had trigeminal neuralgia 13 months ago that resolved without treatment. He had a self-limited upper respiratory illness 2 weeks ago. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 122/76 mm Hg, and pulse is 82/min. Physical examination shows increased resistance to passive flexion and extension of the lower limbs. Deep tendon reflexes are 3+, and plantar reflexes are upgoing bilaterally. There is decreased vibratory and positional sensation in his left upper extremity but no other sensory loss. Which of the following would most likely be found on the cerebrospinal fluid analysis in this patient? 0 A. Albuminocytologic dissociation 0 B. Increased opening pressure 0 C. Neutrophilic pleocytosis D. Oligoclonal bands0 E. Positive VDRL test0 Submit A 26-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to back pain and weakness in her legs. Four days ago, she began experiencing pain in her lower back and difficulty moving her feet. Today, she could not stand on her legs due to the weakness. She describes the pain as a sensation of an electrical shock radiating from the buttocks to the feet. She has no difficulty with bowel or bladder function. The patient reports no chronic medical conditions or previous back injury. Two weeks ago, she had an upper respiratory infection that resolved with symptomatic treatment. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 130/82 mm Hg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 16/min. On physical examination, motor strength is 3/5 and deep tendon reflexes are absent in bilateral lower extremities. Light touch and pain sensation is normal. There is no tenderness in the spine. Which of the following is the most likely spine MRI finding in this patient? A. Epidural fluid collection with rim enhancement 0 B. Extradural bony lesions with cord compression 0 C. Hyperintense T2 signal of a segment of spinal cord 0 D. Normal MRI of the spinal cord 0 Submit A 59-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to a sore throat. He says that he was assaulted during an altercation in a bar 7 days ago. The following day, the patient noticed some neck pain and stiffness, followed by a sore throat. Today, he has severe throat pain, which has spread to his left shoulder and radiates down his left arm. The patient drinks 6-12 beers daily and has a SO-pack-year smoking history. Medical history includes type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Temperature is 38.6 C (101.5 F), blood pressure is 108/70 mm Hg, pulse is 106/min, and respirations are 16/min. On examination, the patient is awake and alert. Abrasions are present on the head, neck, and face. Mild swelling and ecchymosis are noted on the forehead and around the right eye. The posterior pharynx is normal; there is no trismus or drooling. Right upper extremity strength is 5/5, and left upper extremity strength is 4/5. Cervical spine tenderness is present at the CS and C6 level. Laboratory results are as follows: Hemoglobin 11 g/dL Platelets  260,000/mm3  Leukocytes  16,300/mm3  What is the best next step in management of this patient?  A. Contrast esophagography 0 8. CT scan of the head 0 C. Direct laryngoscopy 0 D. MR angiography of the neck vessels 0 E. MRI of the cervical spine with contrast0 Submit A 35-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to weakness and lethargy. His friend could not get him out of bed this morning and called emergency medical services (EMS). The patient has a history of injection heroin use, but intramuscular naloxone administered by EMS personnel failed to improve his condition. Temperature is 38.1 C (100.6 F), blood pressure is 110/66 mm Hg, pulse is 104/min, and respirations are 19/min. There is ptosis of both eyes, and the pupils are dilated and sluggish to react. The patient is unable to hold his head up, and respirations are shallow. The lungs are clear on auscultation, and no cardiac murmurs are present. The abdomen is soft and nontender with normal bowel sounds. Two abscesses are present on the left thigh. Arterial blood gases reveal hypoxia and acute respiratory acidosis. The patient is intubated, and mechanical ventilation is begun. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Comprehensive drug screen0 B. Equine botulinum antitoxin 0 C. Intravenous buprenorphine0 D. Intravenous naloxone infusion 0 E. Tetanus immune globulin 0 A 39-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to pain in his left index finger. He accidentally cut the finger with a sharp knife while cooking 20 minutes ago. The patient reports that his wife helped him wash it thoroughly immediately after the incident and applied pressure prior to driving him to the hospital. He has no medical history, and his tetanus vaccination is up to date. Vital signs are normal. On examination, the patient has a 2-cm linear laceration to the pulp of the left index finger, with slow active bleeding. There are no obvious foreign bodies. Active and passive range of motion at the distal and proximal interphalangeal joints are normal. Digital block is performed using 1 % lidocaine mixed with sodium bicarbonate prior to irrigation and repair. Which of the following is the most likely benefit of adding sodium bicarbonate to the anesthetic agent? A. Decreasing bleeding during wound closure 0 B. Decreasing pain during anesthetic injection0 C. Preventing lidocaine toxicity 0 D. Reducing bacterial concentration 0 Submit A 64-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance for right-sided weakness and slurred speech that started 30 minutes ago. The wife reports that her husband said he was dizzy, and shortly after, he developed acute right arm and leg weakness and was unable to speak. Medical history includes hypertension, for which he takes amlodipine. The patient also takes an aspirin daily. Blood pressure is 225/110 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 20/min. On examination, the patient is alert but aphasic with 0/5 strength in the right upper and lower extremities. Examination of the left upper and lower extremities is normal. A nicardipine infusion is started and CT scan of the head is performed. After returning from the CT scanner, the patient is minimally responsive and has developed hyperextension of all four extremities. CT scan shows a left-sided intracerebral hemorrhage with a 5-mm midline shift to the right. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administer intravenous corticosteroids0 B. Administer intravenous mannitol0 C. Discontinue aspirin and transfuse platelets0 D. Discuss do not resuscitate/do not intubate with family 0 E. Intubate and mechanically ventilate0 Submit A 54-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to double vision and a droopy eyelid. The patient began seeing 2 side-by-side images while watching television last night. She attributed the symptoms to tiredness and went to bed. The vision disturbance was persistent on waking up today, and the patient also found her right eyelid was drooping. The diplopia is worse when looking toward the left and is not associated with headache, nausea, dizziness, or focal weakness or numbness. Physical examination shows ptosis of the right eye. Adduction and upward gaze are impaired on the right side. Pupils are 2 mm on the left and 5 mm on the right, and both are reactive to light. Examination of other cranial nerves is unremarkable. Upper and lower extremity strength, deep tendon reflexes, and sensation are normal. Noncontrast CT scan of the head is normal. Which of the following is the best next step in evaluation of this patient? A. Anti-acetylcholine receptor antibody assay0 B. CT angiography of the head0 C. Hemoglobin A 1 c level0 D. MRI of the orbits 0 E. Thyroid function tests0 An 18-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to a severe headache. The headache began suddenly about 9 hours ago while she was moving into her college dorm room. The patient rested and took acetaminophen; the pain remains very severe, and she has vomited once. Her only medication is oral contraceptive pills. Temperature is 37.3 C (99.1 F), blood pressure is 156/90 mm Hg, and pulse is 100/min. The patient appears uncomfortable. Neurologic examination shows intact cranial nerves. Strength and sensations are equal bilaterally. Cerebellar examination is normal. CT scan of the head reveals no focal abnormalities. Results of cerebrospinal fluid analysis are as follows: Opening pressure 260 mm H20 Glucose 60 mg/dl Protein 48 mg/dl Leukocytes 5/mm3 Red blood cells 3,500/mm3 There is no difference in cell counts between the first and the last collection tubes. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Bacterial meningitis 0 B. Herpes simplex virus meningoencephalitis 0 C. Idiopathic intracranial hypertension 0 D. lschemic stroke 0 E. Subarachnoid hemorrhage 0 Submit A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department after loss of consciousness. The patient was riding his bicycle when he lost his balance and fell, hitting his head on the ground. The fall was witnessed by several friends who report that the boy lost consciousness for approximately 1 minute. There were no seizures following the event. The boy vomited twice in the ambulance and has a mild headache. He has no other medical conditions and takes no medications. Blood pressure is 121/67 mm Hg and pulse is 78/min. The patient is awake and alert. Examination shows a small bruise and an abrasion over the right temporal region. Neurological examination shows intact cranial nerves. Strength is 5/5 bilaterally. Sensations are intact and reflexes are equal. Gait examination shows no abnormalities. Romberg test is negative. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Discharge home with instructions0 B. Electroencephalography0 C. Head CT scan without contrast0 D. Skull radiographs 0 E. Urgent neurosurgical evaluation0 A 72-year-old woman with a medical history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease suddenly drops her fork while having dinner with her family. Her speech becomes slurred, and she develops right-sided weakness. The patient then has an episode of vomiting. An hour later, while being evaluated in the emergency department, she is stuporous, does not respond to verbal stimuli, and grimaces to pain. Blood pressure is 185/107 mm Hg and pulse is 55/min. Babinski reflex is upgoing on the right side. Finger-stick glucose is 365 mg/dL. Additional laboratory testing and imaging studies are ordered. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current condition? 0 A. Cardiogenic embolus 0 B. Carotid artery atherosclerosis 0 C. Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state 0 D. lntracerebral hemorrhage 0 E. Lacunar stroke Submit A 4-year-old girl is brought to the emergency room due to seizures. Two hours ago, the patient reported a headache and was given acetaminophen; an hour later, she suddenly had a generalized tonic-clonic seizure that lasted 5 minutes. While en route to the hospital, the patient had another seizure that manifested as right arm shaking. She has no history of prior seizures, recent trauma, or recent infectious illness. The patient is up to date on vaccinations, has no medical conditions or developmental delay, and takes no medications. Temperature is 36 C (96.8 F), blood pressure is 92/60 mm Hg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 15/min. Oxygen saturation is 98% on room air. On examination, the patient is lethargic but opens her eyes to voice. She follows commands and answers questions with a single word. The head is normocephalic and atraumatic. The pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light. The neck is supple without meningeal signs. Muscle strength is decreased in the right upper and lower extremities. Point-of-care blood glucose is normal. CT scan of the head without contrast reveals no abnormalities. Complete blood count and serum electrolytes are normal. Appropriate seizure therapy is initiated, and electroencephalography is requested. What is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Hemoglobin electrophoresis 0 8. Lumbar puncture 0 C. MRI of the head 0 D. No additional testing 0 E. Serum prolactin level 0 Submit A 78-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to sudden-onset, right-sided hemiplegia and right-sided facial droop. Medical history is significant for chronic kidney disease and hypertension. The patient has a history of medication nonadherence and does not remember the names of her prescribed medications. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 218/128 mm Hg, pulse is 84/min, and respirations are 15/min. On examination, the patient is mildly lethargic but able to converse. Cranial nerve examination shows upper-motor-neuron, right-sided facial weakness. Muscle strength is 0/5 in the right upper and lower extremities. CT scan of the head, immediately performed, is shown in the exhibit. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin 10.4 g/dL Platelets 240,000/mm 3 Serum chemistry Blood urea nitrogen 32 mg/dL Creatinine 2.1 mg/dL Coagulation studies INR 1.1 Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administration of intravenous nicardipine 0 B. Observation without treatment0 C. Surgical evacuation of hematoma 0 D. Transfusion of fresh frozen plasma0 E. Transfusion of packed red blood cells 0 Submit A 54-year-old man comes to the emergency department after being found on the floor by his wife. He was awake but was unable to answer her questions or move the right side of his body. She had last seen the patient 7 hours earlier when she left for work. At that time, he was in his usual state of health and was getting dressed for work, but it does not appear that he left the house. The patient is unable to provide any history. Medical history is significant for hypertension and tobacco use. Temperature is 35.8 C (96.4 F), blood pressure is 160/90 mm Hg, pulse is 78/min, and respirations are 16/min. Pulse oximetry is 97% on room air. The patient is awake and alert. His gaze is deviated to the left, but pupils are equal and reactive. There is decreased prominence of the right nasolabial fold. Lungs are clear to auscultation, and the heart has a regular rhythm. Strength is 1/5 in the right arm and leg and normal in the left arm and leg. Both receptive and expressive aphasia are present. Noncontrast CT scan of the head reveals loss of gray-white matter differentiation in the middle cerebral artery distribution. ECG reveals normal sinus rhythm. What is the best immediate step in management of this patient? A. CT angiography of the head and neck 0 B. Intravenous heparin 0 C. Intravenous nicardipine0 D. Intravenous tissue plasminogen activator0 A 61-year-old farmer is brought to the emergency department after he was found unresponsive in the barn. The patient was last seen appearing normal 3 hours ago. Medical history is unavailable. The paramedics administered naloxone en route without any subsequent change in mental status. Blood pressure is 190/110 mm Hg, pulse is 58/min, and respirations are 10/min and irregular. On physical examination, he does not respond to painful stimuli. There is no evidence of trauma to the head or neck. The pupils are midsized and do not respond to light. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. The arms and legs are rigid and held straight out; the toes are pointing downward. Bilateral extensor plantar reflexes are present. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Acute dystonia 0 B. Brain herniation 0 C. Scorpion sting D. Strychnine poisoning 0 E. Tetanus0 Submit A 26-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to weakness and numbness in both arms and legs that has progressively worsened over the last 3 days. The patient has no fevers, headache, dizziness, chest pain, shortness of breath, or abdominal pain. She reports no trauma or recent procedures. The patient has no medical conditions and takes no medications. She does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 130/82 mm Hg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 20/min. On examination, the patient has 4/5 strength in both upper and lower extremities. Sensation is decreased below the neck. MRI shows increased T2 signal in the cervical spinal cord without any mass lesions or compression. Intravenous administration of which of the following is the best next step in management? 0 A. Antibiotic therapy 0 B. Antifungal therapy 0 C. Antiviral therapy D. lmmunoglobulin0 E. Corticosteroids0 Submit A 52-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to right-sided weakness and slurred speech. His wife states that the patient was sitting in his recliner 30 minutes ago when he suddenly grasped his chest and "blacked out." The patient spontaneously regained consciousness within a minute, but when he began to speak his speech was garbled. He was also unable to stand or walk due to right-sided weakness. Medical history is significant for hypertension and medication nonadherence. Blood pressure is 180/105 mm Hg in the right arm and pulse is 110/min. On examination, the patient is awake, alert, and anxious appearing with expressive aphasia. There is weakness of the right upper and lower extremities. A left-sided carotid bruit is present. The left radial pulse is decreased. Noncontrast CT scan of the head reveals no hemorrhage. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in evaluation of this patient? A. Cardiac rhythm monitoring 0 B. CT aortography 0 C. CT pulmonary angiography 0 D. Echocardiographic bubble study 0 E. MR venography of the brain 0 A 56-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to a severe headache that has not responded to over-the-counter analgesics. The pain is generalized; it began 8 hours ago and worsened rapidly over several minutes. The patient has also experienced photophobia and an episode of vomiting, and she now describes vague discomfort in her neck and back. She has had tension headaches before, but they were not as severe. She has hypertension and takes lisinopril. The patient does not use tobacco, alcohol, or recreational drugs. She is an architect and reports high stress due to a large new project. Temperature is 37.3 C (99.1 F), blood pressure is 150/84 mm Hg, pulse is 94/min and regular, and respirations are 16/min. Pulse oximetry shows 98¡/o on room air. The pupils are equal and reactive. Extraocular movements and funduscopy are normal. Neck stiffness is noted, but muscle strength, deep tendon reflexes, and sensation are normal in the bilateral upper and lower extremities. Downgoing plantar reflexes are present bilaterally. The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities. Noncontrast CT scan of the head is normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Lumbar puncture 0 B. MRI of the brain 0 C. Oxygen inhalation therapy 0 D. Reassurance and a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug 0 E. Subcutaneous sumatriptan0 Submit A 62-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to left-sided weakness, numbness, and difficulty speaking. He was walking his dog about an hour ago when he developed sudden-onset weakness of the left arm. The patient did not lose consciousness. He has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus but no other medical or surgical history. Blood pressure is 170/96 mm Hg, and pulse is 76/min and regular. On examination, his speech is dysarthric and he has left facial droop. The patient's left upper extremity muscle strength is 2/5 and left lower extremity strength is 5/5. Left hemisensory loss is present. He has impaired attention and lack of awareness for stimuli on the left side of space. Finger.stick glucose level is 270 g/dl, and noncontrast CT scan of the head reveals no abnormalities. Recent laboratory studies performed at his primary care provider's office show serum LDL of 152 mg/dl and hemoglobin A1c of 7.9¡/o. Which of the following therapies is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Insulin infusion 0 B. Intravenous alteplase 0 C. Intravenous heparin0 D. Intravenous labetalol0 E. Oral aspirin 0 Submit A 63-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to a severe, right-sided headache that started 2 hours ago. The pain is centered around the right eye and is associated with nausea and vomiting. She is also seeing halos around lights. The patient has never had a headache like this before. Medical history is notable for hypertension and urinary incontinence. Her medications include valsartan and tolterodine, and she has also been taking trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole for the last 2 days for a urinary tract infection. Family history is notable for migraine headaches in her mother. The patient does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination shows a red right eye with a nonreactive, dilated pupil. Excessive lacrimation is present. Visual acuity is decreased. Laboratory results show an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 35 mm/h. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Acute angle-closure glaucoma 0 B. Cluster headache 0 C. Migraine0 D. Optic neuritis 0 E. Subarachnoid hemorrhage0 F. Temporal arteritis 0 Submit A 17-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department by her mother after an episode of loss of consciousness 20 minutes ago. The patient was taking a shower when her mother heard her fall. By the time the mother opened the bathroom door, she was lying on the floor and unresponsive. The patient woke up within a few minutes and was taken to the emergency department by ambulance. During transport, she was drowsy and confused. The mother notes that the patient recently broke up with her boyfriend, has been under significant stress at school, and has been sleeping poorly. In the emergency department, blood pressure is 120/70 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 13/min. The patient is now alert and answers questions appropriately. Examination of the head shows no obvious injury, step-off, or hematoma. The pupils are symmetric and reactive to light. Fingerstick glucose level is 100 mg/dL. Which of the following is most likely to be seen in this patient? A. Elevated serum acetaminophen level0 B. Orthostatic hypotension0 C. Pulsus paradoxus 0 D. Systolic murmur that increases with standing 0 E. Tongue laceration 0 A 75-year-old man is brought to the office by his daughter due to increasing confusion over the past 3 weeks. His daughter noticed that he has had trouble writing, using a computer, and keeping track of his calendar. The patient's wife died 4 weeks ago and since then, he has not been sleeping well and taking doxylamine at bedtime has not helped much. Other medical conditions include chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and hypertension. The patient takes amlodipine and tiotropium. Temperature is 36.1 C (97 F), blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg, pulse is 105/min, and respirations are 18/min. The patient is oriented to person but not to time or place. Extraocular movements are normal. Lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Reflexes are 2+ and strength is normal. His gait is ataxic and his speech is dysarthric. Complete blood count, urinalysis, and serum chemistries are normal. CT scan of the head reveals mild cortical atrophy but is otherwise normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management? 0 A. Add donepezil therapy Q B. Add selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor therapy 0 C. Discontinue doxylamine 0 D. Electroencephalogram Q E. Pre-and post-lumbar puncture gait assessment Q F. Transfer to an assisted living facility Submit A 29-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance after sustaining a gunshot wound to the neck 30 minutes ago. Paramedics state a disgruntled employee came to the car dealership where the patient works and shot him once in the neck. Blood pressure is 92/50 mm Hg and pulse is 40/min. He is awake and alert. There is one wound present on the right side of the posterior portion of the patient's mid-neck. A second wound is present at the same level on the left side. Neck swelling and carotid bruit are absent. Lung examination reveals severely reduced inspiratory effort and poor air movement bilaterally. Heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is soft and nontender. The patient is unable to move his extremities. What is the next step in management? 0 A. Bilateral chest tubes 0 B. Cricothyroidotomy 0 C. CT of cervical spine D. Orotracheal intubation0 E. Packed red blood cells 0 Submit A 16-year-old boy is injured during a high school football game in a helmet-to-helmet collision. When the team physician reaches him, the patient is unconscious and lying prone on the field. He is breathing spontaneously, and respirations are 12/min. A radial pulse is palpable and pulse is 82/min. Emergency medical personnel arrive to transport the patient to the nearest emergency department. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Administer a noxious stimulus to arouse the patient 0 B. Logroll the patient to the supine position 0 C. Perform spinal traction to decompress the spine 0 D. Remove the patient's helmet 0 E. Transport the patient in the prone position Submit A 27-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by his roommate due to headache and lethargy. The patient is unable to provide any history, but his roommate says the patient returned to the apartment an hour ago after having a few drinks at a bar where he was also involved in an altercation. Since then, he has had worsening headache, vomited twice, and became progressively lethargic. The patient drinks 2-3 beers daily and does not use tobacco, but occasionally smokes marijuana. Blood pressure is 146/88 mm Hg and pulse is 92/min. On physical examination, he is somnolent and his breath smells of alcohol. A noncontrast CT scan of the head is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Close neurologic monitoring in the intensive care unit with follow-up CT scan 0 B. Emergent neurosurgical intervention Q C. Intravenous mannitol and serial examinations Q D. Prothrombin complex concentrate infusion Q E. Vitamin B1 infusion followed by intravenous glucose Submit A 20-year-old college student comes to the emergency department accompanied by her roommate after an episode of falling to the ground and "shaking all over." Her roommate was able to record part of the episode on her phone, which shows the patient lying on the ground, rhythmically shaking all 4 extremities, and tightly closing her eyes. The roommate is heard asking multiple questions but the patient remains nonresponsive. The episode resolves within 1 minute, when the patient gets up and asks her roommate to take her to the emergency department. The patient has been studying for upcoming final exams, has had minimal sleep, and has consumed multiple cups of coffee a day. She has no other medical problems and takes no medications. The patient shares that one of her close relatives has epilepsy and is concerned that she had a seizure. Vital signs are within normal limits and physical examination shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Caffeine intoxication0 B. Cataplexy0 C. Generalized tonic-clonic seizure0 D. Panic attack 0 E. Paroxysmal dyskinesia 0 F. Psychogenic nonepileptic seizure0 Submit A 21-year-old woman comes to the office for follow-up of a head injury that occurred while playing lacrosse. The patient is a goalie and was hit in the head with the ball yesterday. She had an episode of vomiting at the time but did not lose consciousness. The patient was brought to the emergency department, where she was noted to be confused and unable to recall the events associated with the competition or her injury. Her family reports that she has never had a serious head injury and has no medical concerns. A head CT scan was unremarkable; the patient's neurologic examination was otherwise normal; and she was discharged home with close observation by family members. Today, she has a headache that has responded to naproxen. The patient's neurologic examination is normal, and she remembers 3 of 3 words after five minutes. She would like to know when she can begin to practice sports again. Which of the following is the best response? Q A. You can gradually increase your activity over 1 week if you don't have symptoms Q B. You can return to full activity after your current symptoms resolve Q C. You should avoid contact sports indefinitely Q D. You should start prophylactic phenytoin to prevent seizures Q E. You will need an electroencephalogram prior to activity A 52-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to severe dizziness, unsteadiness, and nausea. The spinning sensation began suddenly when the patient's head was tilted back and to the left while getting her hair washed at a salon. When she tried to get out of the chair, she tilted to the left and was unable to sit upright without assistance. She reports no similar symptoms in the past but recently had an upper respiratory illness. Medical history includes hypertension and hyperlipidemia. The patient is an active smoker with a 20-pack-year history and drinks alcohol occasionally. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 144/90 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min and regular. On physical examination, the patient appears uncomfortable and keeps her eyes closed. The pupils are equal and reactive, and nystagmus is present. Impaired pinprick sensation is present on the left side of the face and right upper and lower extremities. Deep tendon reflexes are normal throughout. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current condition? A. Acute inflammation of the left vestibular nerve0 B. Dissection of the left vertebral artery0 C. Distension of the endolymphatic system0 D. Occlusion of the right middle cerebral artery branch0 E. Otolith dislodgment into the semicircular canal0 Submit A 60-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to a sudden onset of severe pain in her left eye with blurred vision, nausea, and vomiting. The symptoms began a few minutes ago, while she was watching a movie in a nearby theater. Her temperature is 36.BC (98.4F), blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg, pulse is 82/min, and respirations are 14/min. Examination reveals decreased visual acuity. Her left eye appears red, with a hazy cornea, shallow anterior chamber, and dilated, fixed pupil. Her left eye is stony hard to touch. What is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Primary open angle glaucoma 0 B. Conjunctivitis 0 C. Acute angle closure glaucoma 0 D. Anterior uveitis 0 E. Corneal abrasion Submit A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to an eye injury. About an hour ago, the patient was playing racquetball and was hit in the face by the ball. He felt pain immediately in his left eye and placed an ice pack over it. The appearance of the eye on examination is shown in the image below. This patient's diagnosis increases the risk of which of the following complications? 0 A. Cataract formation 0 B. Corneal neovascularization 0 C. Infectious keratitis 0 D. lntraocular hypertension 0 E. Subconjunctival hemorrhage A 35-year-old, previously healthy woman comes to the emergency department due to eye injury. She was cleaning her bathroom with industrial.strength bleach 30 minutes ago when some of the chemical splashed into her left eye. The patient immediately washed the eye with tap water for several minutes. She now has a gritty sensation in the eye and difficulty opening it. Physical examination reveals blepharospasm and conjunctiva! erythema of the left eye. Urgent ophthalmology consultation is requested. Which of the following is the best immediate step in management of this patient? 0 A. Application of cycloplegics for symptom relief 0 B. Continuous irrigation with normal saline 0 C. Instillation of prophylactic topical antibiotics 0 D. Patch application to keep the eye closed 0 E. Topical application of acetic acid Submit A 12-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his parents due to bilateral eye pain. The patient and his family are on a ski vacation, and he had played in the snow all day. Over the past hour, the patient has had progressively worsening pain in both eyes. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F). Visual acuity is 20/40 in both eyes. Extraocular movements are intact, and pupils are reactive bilaterally. There is no tenderness to palpation. Bilateral conjunctivae are erythematous with increased tearing of both eyes. The anterior chamber appears normal. Fluorescein examination reveals diffuse punctate corneal staining bilaterally. Which of the following most likely contributed to this patient's presentation? 0 A. Aqueous humor obstruction 0 B. Bacterial infection 0 C. Blunt force trauma 0 D. Retained foreign body 0 E. Ultraviolet light exposure Submit A 60-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to decreased vision in her left eye. The patient had a successful surgical cataract extraction and intraocular lens implantation in her left eye 5 days ago. She experienced mild blurriness for the first few days after the procedure but had no significant vision disturbances until this morning. The patient also reports a dull ache in her left eye; she has had no fever, chills, or headache. Temperature is 37.1 C (98.8 F), blood pressure is 130/85 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 14/min. Left eye examination shows conjunctiva! chemosis and layering leukocytes in the anterior chamber. Visual acuity is decreased in the left eye. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Bacterial conjunctivitis 0 B. Cavernous sinus thrombosis 0 C. Normal postoperative changes D. Postoperative endophthalmitis 0 E. Secondary angle-closure glaucoma0 Submit A 62-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to an acute right-sided headache, ocular pain, and nausea. She was watching television in the evening after dinner when the symptoms began; initial treatment with cold compresses and acetaminophen was ineffective. The patient then developed decreased vision in the right eye and called for an ambulance. On examination, she appears uncomfortable and has episodic retching. The right eye has red conjunctiva! flushing; the right pupil is mid-dilated and nonreactive to light. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Dilated fundus examination 0 B. Fluorescein eye examination 0 C. High-dose intravenous methylprednisolone 0 D. Intravenous acetazolamide 0 E. Oral valacyclovir Submit A 51-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after being hit in the left eye by a tennis ball during a game. Medical history is significant for hypertension, for which he takes lisinopril. Blood pressure is 168/96 mm Hg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 20/min. On examination, there is left-sided periorbital bruising and edema. The pupils are round, symmetric, and reactive to light. There is a well-demarcated, small subconjunctival hemorrhage medial to the iris of the left eye; there is no layering of blood in the anterior chamber. Extraocular movements (EOMs) are intact and full, but the patient experiences pain in the left eye during EOM testing. Visual acuity is 20/20 in the right eye and 20/40 in the left eye. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Admit for observation with head of bed elevation Q B. Discharge home with tight eye patching, analgesics, and topical antibiotics Q C. Discharge home with tight eye patching and analgesics Q D. Obtain CT scan of the orbits and facial bones Submit A 24-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to a burning sensation in her left eye. Her symptoms began yesterday after she put in her contact lenses, and they have been worsening despite her removing the contact lenses and using saline drops. The patient has also had excessive tearing and photophobia. She is otherwise healthy and takes no medications. Vital signs are normal. The patient appears uncomfortable and keeps her left eye closed. On examination of the left eye, the conjunctiva is erythematous and injected; the anterior chamber is clear. The pupils are round and reactive to light, and extraocular movements are intact bilaterally. The left eye is stained with fluorescein and inspected using a cobalt blue filtered light; a single, small oval area of green uptake is present at the 7 o'clock position of the cornea. Which of the following is the best next step in management? Q A. Analgesics, replacement of contact lenses, and reassurance 0 B. CT scan of the orbits 0 C. Patching of the eye 0 D. Topical antibiotics 0 E. Topical corticosteroids A 26-year-old, previously healthy man comes to the emergency department due to an eye injury. The patient was hiking earlier today when the person in front of him pushed and let go of a small tree branch, which snapped back and hit him on the face. He had sudden pain in the right eye, followed by a persistent foreign-body sensation and increased tearing. On physical examination, the patient appears in moderate distress. Right eye examination shows no foreign bodies, but there is mild conjunctiva! erythema, especially around the limbus. The cornea is clear with no blood in the anterior chamber. The pupil is small, round, and reactive to light. Visual acuity is normal. Left eye examination shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Continuous saline irrigation 0 0 B. CT scan of the orbits C. Fluorescein staining 0 D. Ocular tonometry 0 E. Topical glucocorticoid 0 Submit A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to an eye injury. About an hour ago, he was playing paintball and was shot in the face by an opponent. The patient was not wearing eye protection. He felt immediate pain and had difficulty seeing. The patient has no chronic medical conditions. Temperature is 37.5 C (99.5 F). Examination shows periorbital edema and ecchymosis with proptosis of the left eye. Palpation over the left eyelid demonstrates rock-hard induration. Visual acuity is 20/100 in the left eye and 20/20 in the right. There is a relative afferent pupillary defect in the left eye. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Cool compress and ibuprofen only B. CT scan of the face and orbits 0 0 C. Dilated funduscopic examination 0 D. Emergency orbital decompression 0 E. Serial tonometry evaluation Submit A 34-year-old roofer is brought to the emergency department due to an electrical injury. He was maneuvering an extended ladder when it contacted an overhead power line. The patient is alert and cooperative but has no recollection of the accident. Temperature is 37.8 C (100 F), blood pressure is 124/80 mm Hg, pulse is 92/min, and respirations are 20/min. Examination reveals that bilateral hands are charred, leathery, and insensate, and large, open wounds are present on the soles of both feet. ECG shows normal sinus rhythm. Based on these findings, the patient is at greatest risk for developing which of the following complications over the next several days? 0 A. Brain herniation 0 B. Cardiac tamponade 0 C. Rhabdomyolysis 0 D. Seizures 0 E. Thrombocytosis Submit A 24-year-old woman comes to the emergency department with severe right hand pain. About an hour ago, she was etching glass when she spilled hydrofluoric acid onto her ungloved right hand. The patient has no chronic medical conditions, and her tetanus vaccine is up to date. Blood pressure is 130/72 mm Hg, pulse is 99/min, and respirations are 20/min. On examination, the patient is in distress due to pain. Erythema, edema, and mild blistering are present in the areas of her right hand contacted by the hydrofluoric acid. Sensation and perfusion are intact. She can move all of the fingers, although with some pain. After copious irrigation, which of the following is the most appropriate initial therapy for this patient? 0 A. Calcium gluconate gel 0 B. Hydrocortisone cream 0 C. Oral clindamycin D. Topical sodium bicarbonate0 Submit A 53-year-old man with alcohol use disorder is brought to the emergency department after being found in a park on a cold day in winter. He was unresponsive when found and was intubated in the field by paramedics. On arrival, his body temperature is 31 C (88 F), blood pressure is 77/48 mm Hg, and pulse is 31/min. ECG shows sinus bradycardia and QT interval of 560 msec. Which of the following is the best next step in managing this patient's hemodynamic status? 0 A. Active rewarming 0 B. Atropine 0 C. Levothyroxine 0 D. Magnesium 0 E. Transvenous pacing Submit A 4-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to fire ant bites. The patient's mother states he was wearing flip flops and playing in the park yesterday evening when he started screaming because his feet were covered with fire ants. She brushed them off immediately, washed his feet, and applied some ice. She is concerned today because the patient has approximately 10 bites on each foot, and his feet are red, swollen, and painful. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg, pulse is 108/min, and respirations are 20/min. The patient is awake and alert. He has a normal oropharyngeal examination. Lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. There are approximately 10 small pustules on each foot that are surrounded by a large area of erythema and swelling contiguous to the pustules. The patient can bear weight but cries when he is asked to walk. Perfusion and sensation are normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Administer intramuscular epinephrine Q B. Give oral antihistamine and topical corticosteroids 0 C. Prescribe oral clindamycin Q D. Unroof pustules and apply topical antibiotic cream Submit A 56-year-old man comes to the emergency department with left hand pain that started 2 hours ago. He was reaching into some grass to move a large pipe on his ranch when he felt a sharp bite to his left hand. He did not see what bit him. Medical history includes hypertension. Upon arrival, his blood pressure is 88/60 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 22/min. Examination of the left hand reveals 2 puncture wounds just distal to his left wrist. Persistent oozing is noted from the wound. There is pronounced swelling and ecchymosis present to the middle of his upper arm. There is significant pain with passive movement of the left wrist and elbow. Sensation is intact in the left arm. Capillary refill is decreased in all 4 extremities equally. Which of the following is the best initial treatment for this patient? 0 A. Administer Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab 0 B. Administer intravenous antibiotics 0 C. Arrange for immediate fasciotomy D. Incise and suction out the wound 0 E. Place a tourniquet around the upper arm0 Submit A 7 4-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after he was found unconscious in a hot sauna at his home. The family is unsure how long he has been there, but he was not seen for at least 3 hours. The patient was in his usual state of health until this incident. His medical history is significant for hypertension. The patient usually drinks 2 or 3 glasses of whiskey every night but has been drinking more for the last 3 months, since his wife's death. Temperature is 41 C (106 F), blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg, pulse is 130/min and regular, and respirations are 22/min. BMI is 43 kg/m2. The patient appears restless and not oriented. His pupils are 4 mm, symmetric, and reactive to light. Lung examination shows rales at both lung bases. The patient's abdomen is soft and nontender, and normal bowel sounds are present. There is no neck stiffness. His skin is warm. Reflexes are 1 + in the upper and lower extremities. Muscle tone and bulk is decreased. His initial laboratory results are as follows: Hemoglobin  16.0 g/dL  Platelets  320,000/mm3  Leukocytes  11,000/mm3  Blood urea nitrogen  40 mg/dL  PT  17 sec  Activated PTT  40 sec  Which of the following is the most likely cause of the patient's current condition? A. Alcohol withdrawal 0 B. Heat stroke 0 C. Hemorrhagic stroke 0 D. Malignant hyperthermia 0 E. Sepsis0 Submit A 24-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to potential overdose. The patient says she ingested "about 20" 500-mg acetaminophen tablets an hour ago after an intense argument with her husband. She currently has no symptoms. The patient does not smoke but drinks alcohol on weekends. She is alert and oriented. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 16/min. Examination shows no abnormalities. Complete blood count, coagulation studies {PT/INR), and serum chemistry results, including liver function tests, are within normal limits. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Administer charcoal 0 B. Discharge home 0 C. Observe in the hospital for 24 hours 0 D. Obtain a psychiatry consultation 0 E. Obtain an ECG 0 F. Transfer to liver transplantation facility Submit A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to suspected hypothermia. He was found by police after his family reported him missing 8 hours ago. He appeared to be intoxicated and was sleeping in the snow without gloves. On arrival, temperature is 35 C (95 F), blood pressure is 140/86 mm Hg, and pulse is 112/min. The patient is sleepy but arousable to verbal stimuli. Examination shows no signs of trauma to the head or neck. Pupils are equal and reactive to light. Heart and lung sounds are normal. The left hand is pale and cold; the fingers appear grayish, with sensory loss to the level of the metacarpophalangeal joints. Plain radiographs of the hand reveal no fractures. Rewarming with heated blankets and warm intravenous fluids is started immediately; the left hand is submerged in a 38 C (100.4 F) water bath. Thirty minutes later, body temperature is 36.5 C (97.7 F), but there is persistent sensory loss, and the left hand is still grayish. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient's condition? A. Amputation of the fingers 0 B. Angiography of the left arm0 C. Increased water temperature to 50 C (122 F) 0 D. Nerve conduction study0 E. Warmed peritoneal irrigation 0 Submit A 32-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to joint pains that began about an hour after a scuba diving excursion and have been worsening over the past 12 hours. He describes significant pain in his shoulders and elbows that does not change with movement. The patient has no medical history and takes no medications. Blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg, pulse is 104/min, and respirations are 20/min. Pulse oximetry is 97% on room air. The patient is alert and oriented but appears uncomfortable. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. The joints are nontender with full range of motion. He has normal strength and sensation in the extremities. The patient is placed on 100% oxygen, and intravenous fluids are administered. Which of the following is the best next step in management? 0 A. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy 0 B. Intravenous acetazolamide 0 C. Oral dexamethasone D. Subcutaneous low-molecular-weight heparin 0 E. Sublingual nifedipine 0 Submit A 3-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his pregnant mother after developing severe abdominal pain within the past hour and having several episodes of vomiting. The patient's vomit is black and red in color. Blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, pulse is 140/min, and respirations are 30/min. On physical examination, he is irritable and lethargic. Examination shows a normal oropharynx. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. The abdomen is soft and mildly tender at the epigastrium; there is no hepatosplenomegaly. The extremities are cool to the touch. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin Platelets Leukocytes Serum chemistry Sodium Potassium Chloride Bicarbonate Blood urea nitrogen Creatinine Glucose 12.5 g/dL 175,000/mm3 12,500/mm3 140 mEq/L 3.7 mEq/L 104 mEq/L 18 mEq/L 10 mg/dL 0.4 mg/dL 100 mg/dL Chest x-ray is normal. Abdominal imaging shows several radiopaque tablets in the stomach. Intravenous normal saline is started. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Calcium gluconate 0 B. Deferoxamine C. Hemodialysis0 D. N-acetylcysteine0 n F N~lnvnnP \..,Omp1eie 0100a counc Hemoglobin Platelets Leukocytes Serum chemistry Sodium Potassium Chloride Bicarbonate Blood urea nitrogen Creatinine Glucose 12.5 g/dl 175,000/mm3 12,500/mm3 140 mEq/L 3.7 mEq/L 104 mEq/L 18 mEq/L 10 mg/dl 0.4 mg/dl 100 mg/dl Chest x-ray is normal. Abdominal imaging shows several radiopaque tablets in the stomach. Intravenous normal saline is started. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Calcium gluconate 0 B. Deferoxamine C. Hemodialysis0 D. N-acetylcysteine0 E. Naloxone0 F. Succimer0 G. Vitamin K0 Submit A 74-year-old-man is brought to the emergency department due to confusion. His daughter states that over the past 2 weeks, the patient has been increasingly confused and has decreased oral intake. She shares that he won't stop screaming, "Someone stop the ringing!" He has chronic bilateral osteoarthritis of the knees and hands, hypertension, and chronic kidney disease with a baseline creatinine of 2.2 g/dl. He uses topical methyl salicylate for his arthritis because he does not like taking pills. Temperature is 37 .8 C { 100 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 30/min. Pulse oximetry shows 89% on room air. The patient is awake but disoriented and agitated. Mucous membranes are dry. There is no jugular venous distension. Heart sounds are normal. Lung auscultation reveals bilateral crackles. There is no peripheral edema. Neurological examination is nonfocal. Laboratory results are as follows: Serum chemistry Sodium 140 mEq/L Potassium 4.6 mEq/L Chloride 102 mEq/L Bicarbonate 14 mEq/L Blood urea nitrogen 44 mg/dL Creatinine 2.4 mg/dL Glucose 85 mg/dL What is the most appropriate treatment for this patient's current condition? A. Acetazolamide0 B. Activated charcoal0 C. Glucagon0 D. Furosemide0 0 E. Hemodialysis 0 F. Mannitol Submit A 6-month-old boy is brought to the emergency department for poor feeding and decreased activity. For the past 5 days, the patient has been eating less. His normal intake is 26 oz of formula daily; recently, he has consumed only 10 oz of formula daily. The patient has had a few wet diapers daily but has not stooled for 5 days. In addition, he was previously able to sit with support and reach for toys but has been unable to do this in the past week. His parents are healthy. Immunizations are up to date. Weight and length are at the 65th percentile; head circumference is at the 75th percentile. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98.1 F), pulse is 108/min, and respirations are 36/min. On examination, the patient has diminished head control with neck and shoulder-girdle weakness, generalized hypotonia, and reduced spontaneous movement. Eye movements are decreased with evidence of ptosis. The oral mucosa is dry. Complete blood count, serum electrolytes, renal and liver function tests, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate are normal. What is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administer antitoxin therapy 0 B. Administer empiric antibiotic therapy 0 C. Measure acetylcholine receptor antibody levels 0 D. Obtain an MRI of the brain 0 E. Perform lumbar puncture 0 Submit A 55-year-old electrician comes to the emergency department due to a wound to his right leg that started 3 days ago. After crawling through an attic laying electrical wire, he developed a stabbing pain and burning sensation in his right thigh. The patient noticed a small, red area on his posterior right thigh, with 2 small dots in the middle. He thinks he was bitten by one of the small, brown spiders he saw in the attic. The pain lasted a few hours and then subsided. Several hours later a blister formed. Over the next 2 days, a black area appeared in place of the blister and has expanded toward his feet. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 140/80 mm Hg, pulse is 76/min, and respirations are 16/min. On examination, the patient is awake and alert, and nontoxic in appearance. He has a 2-cm, dry eschar on his posterior right thigh. There is a surrounding outer ring of erythema. No significant swelling or fluctuance is present. He has normal pulses distal to the wound. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administer a corticosteroid injection0 B. Prescribe hyperbaric oxygen therapy 0 C. Prescribe oral antistaphylococcal antibiotic0 D. Provide supportive wound care only0 Submit A 26-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after collapsing 2 hours into basketball practice. Immediately prior to collapse, the patient developed a headache and dizziness. His parents report that he has a history of atypical depression, for which he takes quetiapine; he also underwent laparoscopic appendectomy 3 months ago. Temperature is 41 C (105.8 F), blood pressure is 88/48 mm Hg, pulse is 136/min, and respirations are 26/min. The patient is disoriented but protecting his airway. Mucous membranes are dry. Cardiac examination shows tachycardia with a regular rhythm. Lungs are clear bilaterally. The abdomen is soft and nontender. Muscle tone and reflexes are normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Cold water immersion 0 B. Cyproheptadine 0 C. Dantrolene D. High-dose ceftriaxone 0 E. Trendelenburg and oral hydration 0 Submit A 27-year-old woman was found alone and unconscious at the scene of a house fire. The patient was placed on oxygen and transported to the emergency department. Medical history is unknown. On arrival, she is unresponsive. Black soot is present near the patient's nares and mouth. The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Her skin is reddish in color and capillary refill time is 4 seconds. There is no evidence of cutaneous burns. Temperature is 37.2 C (98.9 F), blood pressure is 98/60 mm Hg, heart rate is 140/min and regular, and respirations are 28/min. Pulse oximetry is 100%, on a nonrebreather mask. Laboratory results are as follows: Arterial blood gases pH 7.15 114 mm Hg 33 mm Hg Carboxyhemoglobin level  10%  Blood, plasma, and serum Bicarbonate Lactic acid, venous  12 mEq/L 25 mg/dL  Which of the following should be empirically treated in this patient?  A. Cyanide poisoning 0 B. Methamphetamine exposure0 C. Methemoglobinemia0 D. Opioid overdose 0 E. Salicylate poisoning 0 Submit A 45-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to a 6-hour history of altered mental status, difficulty seeing, and pain with eye movements. In addition, the patient has nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain. He is homeless and has a history of bipolar disorder but does not take medications. The patient drinks alcohol daily. Temperature is 36.8 C (98.2 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 26/min. On examination, he appears anxious and confused. Ophthalmic examination shows mydriasis, retinal edema, and hyperemia of the optic discs. Mild epigastric tenderness is present on deep palpation, but physical examination is otherwise normal. The patient is able to move all 4 extremities, and deep tendon reflexes are normal. Laboratory results are as follows: Serum chemistry Sodium Potassium Chloride Bicarbonate Creatinine Calcium Glucose Arterial blood gases pH PaO2 PaCO2 Blood, plasma, and serum Lactic acid, venous blood Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management? 0 A. Initiate hemodialysis Q B. Initiate hyperbaric oxygen therapy 138 mEq/L 5.1 mEq/L 104 mEq/L 6 mEq/L 1.0 mg/dL 9.6 mg/dL 100 mg/dL 7.15 104 mm Hg 16 mm Hg 2.4 mg/dL Serum chemistry  Sodium  138 mEq/L  Potassium  5.1 mEq/L  Chloride  104 mEq/L  Bicarbonate  6 mEq/L  Creatinine  1.0 mg/dl  Calcium  9.6 mg/dl  Glucose  100 mg/dl  Arterial blood gases  pH  7.15  PaO2  104 mm Hg  PaCO2  16 mm Hg  Blood, plasma, and serum  Lactic acid, venous blood  2.4 mg/dl  Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management?  A. Initiate hemodialysis 0 B. Initiate hyperbaric oxygen therapy 0 C. Obtain CT scan of the abdomen 0 D. Obtain MRI of the brain 0 E. Obtain urine ketones 0 Submit A 40-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to retrosternal and epigastric pain after ingesting an unknown amount of sodium hydroxide-based drain cleaner 45 minutes ago. He has a history of major depressive disorder and a prior suicide attempt. The patient has difficulty swallowing his saliva and is drooling. Temperature is 36.8 C (98.2 F), blood pressure is 120/70 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 20/min. Examination shows oropharyngeal erythema and mild edema. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Abdominal examination shows tenderness at the epigastrium without rebound or guarding. Chest x-ray reveals no abnormalities. Intravenous normal saline infusion is initiated. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Activated charcoal in water 0 B. Gastric decontamination with ipecac C. Intravenous methylprednisolone0 D. Neutralization of alkali with dilute acetic acid solution 0 E. Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy 0 Submit A 26-year-old man comes to the emergency department with left ankle pain. He reports that he was playing golf, went to look for his ball in some tall grass, heard rattling, and then felt a sharp pain just above his left ankle 30 minutes ago. On examination, vital signs are normal. Two puncture marks are present just above his left lateral malleolus. There is mild edema, tenderness, and ecchymosis immediately surrounding the bite. Swelling to the rest of the lower leg is absent. Pulses and sensation in the left leg are intact. Laboratory studies reveal normal complete blood count, serum electrolytes, and coagulation panel. Repeat physical examination in 30 minutes reveals no interval change. Which of the following is the most appropriate course of action for this patient? Q A. Closely observe patient in the hospital for 12-24 hours with repeat laboratory testing Q B. Closely observe patient in the hospital after administering Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab Q C. Discharge patient to home now with instructions to return if symptoms get worse Q D. Discharge patient to home after administering Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab Submit An 18-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after a suspected drug overdose at 6 AM. The mother states that she had awakened this morning to find her daughter difficult to rouse and covered in emesis. The prescription bottle of paroxetine 20 mg containing 30 pills filled the previous day was next to her and was empty. She does not know when or if her daughter took the medication. She last saw her daughter the previous evening before going to bed at 10 PM. Her daughter has a history of major depressive disorder but has no known previous suicide attempts. Temperature is 36.1 C (97 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 70/min, a11d respirations are 10/min. Pulse oximetry is 98% on room air. On examination, the patient's clothes are stained with emesis. Her eyes are closed, and she does not follow commands but moans and withdraws all the extremities to painful stimuli. The pupils are normal sized, equal, and reactive. Muscle tone and reflexes are normal. Cardiopulmonary and abdominal examinations are normal. There is no evidence of trauma. Which of the following is the best next step in management? Q A. Administer activated charcoal 0 B. Administer cyproheptadine Q C. Administer sodium bicarbonate 0 D. Evaluate for coingestants Q E. Obtain serum levels of paroxetine Submit A 20-month-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his parents due to lethargy. Yesterday, the patient had 2 episodes of vomiting followed by diarrhea. The vomiting quickly subsided, but the diarrhea continued every 4-5 hours; the parents treated each bout with loperamide. Overnight, the patient had 3 more small episodes. This morning, they could not rouse him. He has had no fever. The patient has no medical conditions and is up to date on vaccinations. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 90/50 mm Hg, pulse is 115/min, and respirations are 10/min. Pulse oximetry is 100¡/o on room air. The patient is lethargic; he withdraws all extremities to pain but does not move spontaneously. Pupils are <2 mm. Lung and heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is soft and nondistended. Extremities are well perfused, with <2-second capillary refill. Bedside glucose is normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Administer antibiotics0 B. Administer naloxone0 C. Obtain a noncontrast CT scan of the head 0 D. Perform endotracheal intubation0 E. Perform lumbar puncture 0 A 13-year-old girl with cystic fibrosis is evaluated in the emergency department after developing lightheadedness and nausea during an outdoor soccer game. The patient bumped heads with another player 10 minutes into the game but did not lose consciousness and continued playing. Near the end of the second half, she developed profound generalized weakness, felt she was going to pass out, and had to be carried off the field. Her parents say that she has been well except for runny nose and congestion the past 4 days. Temperature is 39 C (102 F), pulse is 136/min, and respirations are 26/min. The patient is alert and oriented but is sweating profusely. While being assessed, she develops abdominal cramps and nausea and then vomits. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Cystic fibrosis exacerbation 0 B. Exertional heat stroke C. Exertional hypernatremia0 D. Heat exhaustion 0 E. Hyperchloremic dehydration0 Submit A 39-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after immediately collapsing at the finish line when he completed a marathon. Although he was unable to stand or walk, the patient did not lose consciousness. He says he has run multiple marathons in the past without any problems. Medical history includes mild intermittent asthma. He uses albuterol as needed and last took it a week ago. Temperature is 38 C (100.4 F), blood pressure is 98/52 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 22/min. The patient is alert and oriented and does not report any pain. Neurologic examination is normal. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's collapse? A. Acute severe asthma exacerbation0 0 8. Cardiac arrhythmia 0 C. Exercise-associated postural hypotension 0 D. Exertional heat stroke 0 E. Exertional hyponatremia Submit A41-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after being rescued during an open-water swim. She became weak and disoriented after swimming 2 miles but did not lose consciousness. The patient's past medical history is unremarkable, although she is taking amoxicillin for streptococcal pharyngitis that was diagnosed 4 days ago. Temperature is 33.3 C (92 F), blood pressure is 86/45 mm Hg, and pulse is 106/min. The heart has regular rate and rhythm. The patient is shivering and vomiting. She responds to questions sluggishly, but neurologic examination is otherwise normal. Laboratory results are as follows: Sodium 144 mEq/L Chloride 102 mEq/L Bicarbonate 24 mEq/L Glucose 86 mg/dL Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Dopamine infusion0 B. Intravenous (IV) ampicillin and gentamicin 0 C. IV fluids and passive warming 0 D. IV methylprednisolone 0 E. Oral fluids and glucose supplements 0 F. Warmed peritoneal irrigation 0 Submit A45-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to a progressively worsening headache and difficulty breathing. Yesterday morning, he arrived in Colorado from Kansas for a ski vacation. The patient was feeling well until last night, when he began experiencing a headache and shortness of breath with exertion. The headache came on gradually, is generalized, and affects his ability to sleep. This morning, he developed vomiting and dizziness. The patient has had no fever, neck pain, or chest pain. He has no significant medical history and exercises daily. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, pulse is 99/min, and respirations are 22/min. Pulse oximetry is 96% on room air. The patient is mildly drowsy but can converse. He is oriented to time, place, and person. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. There are no focal neurologic findings. The skin is normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management? A. Dexamethasone0 B. Doxycycline0 C. Furosemide0 D. Intubation and mechanical ventilation 0 E. Low-molecular-weight heparin 0 A 26-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to hallucinations. The patient's mother reports that he was acting normally until a few hours ago when he started hallucinating that dogs were chasing him. She states that the patient has a history of schizoaffective disorder that was difficult to treat and is currently taking clozapine and doxepin; however, she is worried about his mental health because he broke up with his partner yesterday. Temperature is 38.3 C (100.9 F), blood pressure is 140/80 mm Hg, pulse is 145/min, and respirations are 24/min. Oxygen saturation is 97% on room air. The patient is delirious and actively hallucinating. His pupils are 6 mm and nonreactive. No murmurs or gallops are present on auscultation of the heart. Muscle tone and reflexes are normal. What is the best next step in management? 0 A. Administer a dopamine agonist 0 B. Administer intramuscular haloperidol 0 C. Electrocardiogram D. Electroencephalogram0 Submit A 3-year-old boy is brought to the hospital after being found in a storage shed struggling to breathe. His parents are unsure of what has happened and note that multiple chemicals are stored in the shed. Temperature is 36.6 C (98 F), blood pressure is 98/65 mm Hg, pulse is 58/min, and respirations are 40/min. Oxygen saturation is 86% on room air. On examination, the patient is lethargic; his body and clothes are soiled with vomit. The pupils are pinpoint bilaterally, and there is significant watering of the eyes. Auscultation of the lungs demonstrates widespread rhonchi with prolonged expiration. Muscle fasciculations are noted in the extremities. Following endotracheal intubation, which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Administer physostigmine 0 B. Administer sodium bicarbonate 0 C. Initiate hemodialysis D. Obtain an ECG to evaluate QRS interval 0 E. Remove clothing and irrigate the skin 0 Submit A 38-year-old man is found obtunded on the sidewalk and brought to the emergency department. No medical history is available. Review of medical records shows no prior encounters. Temperature is 35.8 C (96.4 F), blood pressure is 91/63 mm Hg, pulse is 95/min, and respirations are 5/min. Oxygen saturation is 86% on room air. The patient looks disheveled, and his breath smells of alcohol. He is unresponsive to verbal and noxious stimuli. There are no signs of trauma to the head or neck. The pupils are 3 mm bilaterally and minimally reactive. Bowel sounds are decreased. Extremities are cool to the touch and peripheral pulses are diminished. Muscle tone is decreased in all extremities. Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ throughout. A flexor plantar response is present. Finger-stick blood glucose is normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate immediate next step in management of this patient? A. Administer lorazepam0 B. Administer naloxone0 C. Establish external rewarming0 D. Obtain a CT scan of the head 0 E. Obtain urine toxicology screening 0 A 4-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department after drowning in a pool. The mother reports she was outside with her son in the back yard when she left him to go inside. She returned a few minutes later to find the boy submerged in the deep end of the pool. She removed him from the water and called 911. The patient was unresponsive but breathing when paramedics arrived. They placed him on oxygen and transported him to the hospital. Temperature is 33.9 C (93 F), blood pressure is 100/58 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 44/min. Pulse oximetry is 89% on high-flow oxygen. On examination, the patient is somnolent. The pupils are equal and reactive to light. Nasal flaring and intercostal retractions are noted. Wheezing is present on auscultation of the lungs. He moves all extremities but does not follow commands. Which of the following is the first step in management of this patient? A. Cervical spine immobilization 0 B. CT scan of the head 0 C. Endotracheal intubation 0 D. Noninvasive positive pressure ventilation 0 E. Warm intravenous fluids 0 An 18-month-old boy is brought to the emergency department an hour after drinking liquid oven cleaner from an unlocked kitchen cabinet. His parents tried to give him water and milk, but he has difficulty swallowing. The boy also has blood-tinged oral secretions. His vital signs are stable. Examination shows an anxious child who is crying and drooling. His lips and chin are swollen and erythematous. He has no stridor and his breathing pattern appears normal. Lungs are clear to auscultation. His shirt is covered in oven cleaner. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Barium swallow study 0 B. Clothing removal 0 C. Intravenous corticosteroids 0 D. Nasogastric feeding tube 0 E. Nasogastric lavage 0 F. Neutralization with vinegar 0 G. Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy An 8-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to a bee sting. The patient's mother reports he was playing in the family's treehouse yesterday when he saw a beehive and tried to knock it down. He received a bee sting to his right hand. His mother removed the stinger and applied ice last night, but upon waking this morning, she noticed the patient's right hand was swollen and mildly painful. He does not report difficulty breathing, vomiting, or swelling of the throat. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 22/min. Pulse oximetry is 100% on room air. The patient is awake and alert, oropharyngeal examination is normal, and lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. On the dorsum of his right hand, there is swelling, redness, and induration extending 11 cm from a central clear area. It is painful to make a fist. Perfusion and sensation are intact in his fingers. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? A. Cellulitis0 B. Compartment syndrome 0 C. Large local reaction 0 D. Lymphangitis0 E. Systemic anaphylaxis 0 F. Toxic reaction 0 Submit A 35-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after being rescued from inside a burning building by firefighters. She had a brief tonic-clonic seizure en route to the hospital. Her past medical history is unknown. She is confused and mildly agitated. Her temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, pulse is 115/min, and respirations are 24/min. Her oxygen saturation is 96% on room air as measured by standard pulse oximetry. Physical examination shows no burns, and her skin color is normal. There are symmetric breath sounds bilaterally with scattered end-expiratory wheezes. Neurologic examination shows no abnormalities apart from confusion. The abdomen is soft and nontender. Which of the following is the best initial treatment for this patient? A. 50% dextrose with thiamine 0 0 B. 100% oxygen with facemask C. Intravenous lorazepam0 D. Intravenous naloxone0 E. Intravenous phenytoin 0 Submit A 55-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to altered mental status. The patient's wife came home from work and found him confused. He was fine that morning before she left the house. The patient has a medical history of chronic migraines and major depression; he has been out of work for a few months due to the pain. The wife reports her husband has tried "every migraine medication there is," but she does not know which one he is currently taking. Blood pressure is 80/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 125/min. The patient is drowsy and does not answer questions or follow commands. The oral membranes are dry. There is reddening around the face and neck. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia with a QRS duration of 120 msec and frequent premature ventricular beats. Initial laboratory studies are ordered, and intravenous hydration is started. Which of the following is the best next step in management? A. Amiodarone0 B. Atropine0 C. Calcium chloride 0 D. Hemodialysis0 E. Sodium bicarbonate 0 F. Telemonitoring without additional intervention0 Submit A 5-year-old boy is brought back to the emergency department by his grandmother due to "bizarre behavior" a day after being seen there for a left eye injury sustained while playing flag football. At that time he was diagnosed with traumatic iritis and prescribed cyclopentolate eye drops for symptomatic relief. Two hours ago, he began acting strangely and said there were green men outside his house. Temperature is 37.8 C (100 F), blood pressure is 130/75 mm Hg, pulse is 150/min, and respirations are 24/min. He is agitated and disoriented, and he does not answer questions appropriately. The pupils are 8 mm bilaterally, and visual acuity is decreased. Perilimbal conjunctiva! injection of the left eye is present. Extraocular movements are intact. Mucous membranes are dry. Heart sounds are regular and rapid without a murmur or rub. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Deep tendon reflexes are normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the head 0 B. Emergency ophthalmology consult0 C. Lumbar puncture 0 D. Mannitol0 E. Physostigmine0 A 29-year-old woman, gravida 1 para 1, is evaluated in the emergency department for a headache. Three days ago, she had an uncomplicated vaginal delivery with neuraxial anesthesia. This morning, the patient developed an occipital headache that has not improved with acetaminophen. The headache has become progressively worse, and the patient cannot sit without becoming nauseated and vomiting. The patient has no chronic medical conditions and does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 162/96 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 18/min. On examination, heart sounds are normal with no rubs or murmurs, and the lungs are clear to auscultation. Cranial nerves are intact and deep tendon reflexes are 3+. There is 5/5 strength in the right lower extremity and 3/5 strength in the left. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. 100%, oxygen 0 B. CT scan of the head0 C. Epidural blood patch0 D. Lumbar puncture0 E. Sumatriptan therapy 0 A 36-year-old primigravida at 26 weeks gestation comes to the office due to painful urination. She has had urinary frequency since her first month of pregnancy, but a week ago, she developed dysuria. The patient has also had chills, fatigue, and radiating back pain for the past 2 days. She has intermittent, nonpainful contractions but no vaginal bleeding or leakage of fluid. Fetal movement is normal. Three years ago, the patient was treated for pyelonephritis. She has no chronic medical conditions and has had no surgeries. Temperature is 38.1 C (100.6 F), blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 115/min. Fundal height is 26 cm and fetal heart tones are 170/min. There is tenderness over the right costovertebral angle. The uterus is nontender and the cervix is closed. Urinalysis is positive for leukocyte esterase and blood; a urine culture is collected. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis 0 B. Inpatient intravenous antibiotics 0 C. Oral antibiotics and follow-up in 2 days 0 D. Renal ultrasound 0 E. Intravenous fluids and tamsulosin 0 A 29-year-old woman, gravida 3 para 2, comes to the emergency department due to sudden-onset, heavy vaginal bleeding that has soaked through her clothes. The patient has had inconsistent prenatal care and says she is "about 8 months" pregnant. She has had some nonpainful contractions. Four years ago, she had a low transverse cesarean delivery. The patient smokes a pack of cigarettes a day and takes no medications. Temperature is 37 C (98.7 F), blood pressure is 96/70 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 16/min. Fetal heart monitoring shows a baseline of 150/min, moderate variability, accelerations, and no decelerations. Tocodynamometry shows irregular contractions every 10.15 minutes. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Placenta previa 0 B. Placental abruption C. Preterm labor0 D. Uterine rupture0 E. Vasa previa 0 Submit A 31-year-old primigravida at 7 weeks gestation is brought to the emergency department due to vaginal bleeding and lower abdominal pain. The bleeding began 4 hours ago, and the patient has saturated 3 perinea! pads in that time. Abdominal cramping has become progressively more severe and unresponsive to acetaminophen. The patient has no fevers, chills, or abnormal vaginal discharge. Surgical history includes a loop electrode excision procedure for high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, but she has since had normal Pap tests. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 100/72 mm Hg, pulse is 116/min, and respirations are 14/min. Pelvic examination shows blood clots in the vaginal vault and active bleeding from a dilated cervix. Bimanual examination demonstrates a 6-week-sized, tender uterus. Ultrasound reveals a gestational sac in the lower segment of the uterus, a simple cyst in the right ovary, and free fluid in the posterior cul-de-sac. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Cervical insufficiency0 B. Ectopic pregnancy0 C. Inevitable abortion0 D. Missed abortion 0 E. Septic abortion0 F. Threatened abortion0 Submit A 28-year-old woman, gravida 3 para 2, at 30 weeks gestation is brought to the emergency department due to vaginal bleeding after a motor vehicle collision. The patient was restrained by a lap and shoulder belt, but the steering wheel struck her abdomen. Her underwear and pants are soaked with blood, and she states that she is "not sure if my water broke." Blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg, pulse is 136/min, respirations are 22/min, and pulse oximetry is 98% on room air. Physical examination shows an alert but anxious-appearing woman with abdominal tenderness and cool extremities. On speculum examination, 100 ml of blood is evacuated from the vagina, and minimal active bleeding from the cervix is observed. Blood type is 0, Rh positive. Fetal heart monitoring shows a baseline of 140/min with minimal to moderate variability; there are no late or variable decelerations. Tocometry reveals uterine contractions every 3 minutes. Intravenous fluids are started. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Emergency cesarean delivery0 B. Fetal biophysical profile 0 C. Kleihauer-Betke test0 D. Transfuse blood products 0 E. Vasopressor therapy 0 Submit A 37-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by her boyfriend for severe abdominal pain that started several hours ago. The pain started diffusely in the periumbilical area but is now mostly localized to the lower abdomen. The patient has persistent nausea but no vomiting. Her last menstrual period was 25 days ago, but she has irregular periods. She is sexually active with her boyfriend. Her temperature is 36.8 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 25/min. The abdomen, especially in the lower quadrants, is tender on palpation with mild guarding. There is no shifting dullness. Bowel sounds are diminished. Laboratory results are as follows: Hemoglobin  13.1 g/dl  Hematocrit  43%  White blood cells  10,900/µL  Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Abdominal CT scan0 B. Diagnostic peritoneal lavage 0 C. Pelvic ultrasound 0 D. Pregnancy test 0 E. Upright chest x-ray 0 Submit A 28-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to severe right lower quadrant pain. Yesterday, the patient noticed intermittent right lower abdominal pain associated with increased activity. She rested the remainder of the day, but the pain continued to increase. An hour ago, the pain suddenly became constant, severe, and associated with nausea and vomiting. The pain does not radiate. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 98/min. There is tenderness to palpation over the right lower quadrant with no rebound or guarding. Urine pregnancy test is negative. Which of the following additional information would be most helpful in establishing this patient's diagnosis? 0 A. Associated urinary symptoms 0 B. Family history of malignancy 0 C. History of ovarian cysts D. Number of sexual partners0 E. Recent sick contacts0 Submit A 23-year-old woman, gravida 1 para 0, at 12 weeks gestation comes to the emergency department for vaginal bleeding after intercourse. The patient had intercourse 12 hours ago and has since noticed blood in the toilet after urination and bright red blood on the toilet paper. She has no medical history and takes no medications. The patient reports occasional alcohol use prior to pregnancy but no history of tobacco or illicit drug use. Blood pressure is 120/70 mm Hg and pulse is 65/min. Fetal heart rate is normal by Doppler ultrasound. Pelvic examination shows normal external genitalia and a thick, yellow malodorous discharge in the vagina that is tinged with blood. The cervix is closed and bleeds after being touched with a cotton applicator; no masses are noted. Bimanual examination shows an enlarged uterus but no cervical motion tenderness, adnexal masses, or tenderness. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Acute cervicitis0 B. Bacterial vaginosis 0 C. Cervical polyp 0 D. Inevitable abortion 0 E. Threatened abortion0 F. Von Willebrand disease0 Submit A 37-year-old man comes to the emergency department for evaluation of back pain. The patient was seen 2 days ago in the emergency department for similar pain symptoms and was discharged on naproxen. Medical history is significant for asthma, hepatitis C, and opioid use disorder. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 138/92 mm Hg, and pulse is 104/min. The patient is irritable while his vital signs are being taken and angrily says to the nurse, "That medication I got was useless. My pain is now 10 times worse." His speech is very loud, filled with expletives, and disruptive to patients in adjacent rooms. His fists are clenched. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of the patient interview? Q A. Close the patient's room door and ask him to calm down and lower his voice Q B. Inform the patient that he will not be treated if he continues to be verbally abusive Q C. Inform the patient that restraints will be applied if he loses control Q D. Inform the patient that security personnel will be called if he continues to be aggressive Q E. Interview the patient with the door open and have security personnel nearby Submit A 37-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by police officers. He was found naked at a traffic signal, cursing at drivers and assaulting nearby pedestrians. The patient has a long history of abusing multiple substances and has been admitted to the hospital several times with a similar presentation. He has epilepsy and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Attempts to elicit a history from the patient prove unsuccessful because he is highly agitated and combative. He keeps repeating, "They are all out to get me. They are coming through the walls, ready to kill me." The patient alternates between screaming and pounding on the walls. Temperature is 38.3 C (100.9 F), blood pressure is 148/100 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 16/min. Physical examination shows ataxia, nystagmus, and muscle rigidity. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Dexmedetomidine0 B. Dimercaprol0 C. Fomepizole0 D. Lorazepam0 E. Phentolamine0 F. Risperidone0 G. Urinary acidification 0 Submit A 16-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department after her parents found her attempting to cut her wrists. The parents say that she is often "moody" but has never done anything like this before. The patient has been very upset since her boyfriend broke up with her last week. Examination shows numerous superficial cuts on her forearms in various stages of healing and a fresh deep laceration that requires 5 sutures. The patient admits to attempting suicide by cutting her wrists. When asked why she did it, she says, "I don't know. I felt so alone and angry. I just didn't want to be here anymore." The patient avoids eye contact and looks at the ground during the entire interview. She refuses to answer many questions but admits to feeling depressed over the past few months. When asked if she would do something like this again, the patient looks down and does not answer. Her parents want to take the girl to her pediatrician, whom they trust and feel knows the patient very well. They refuse psychiatric hospitalization, and insist that they will watch their daughter at all times. The patient wants to go home as well. Which of the following is the most appropriate course of action? Q A. Admit the patient to the hospital involuntarily Q B. Discharge the patient into the care of her pediatrician Q C. Discharge the patient with a next-day psychiatric appointment Q D. Hold the patient in the emergency department overnight for reevaluation in the morning Q E. Release the patient into the parents' custody after they sign a release of liability Submit A 16-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department by her parents for evaluation of bizarre behavior. The patient was found in her bedroom surrounded by broken lamps and ripped-up notebooks. Her father says, "She's been a bit irritable for the past few days, probably because she's been studying for final exams nonstop. We heard some noises in the middle of the night and found her wide awake and unable to sit still." The patient has no medical conditions and no psychiatric history; she takes diphenhydramine as needed when she cannot sleep. Family history is significant for bipolar disorder in the patient's older sister. Temperature is 37.6 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 18/min. On physical examination, the patient appears diaphoretic and restless. During the cardiovascular examination, the patient removes the physician's stethoscope and says, "I need to get home and finish my paper. It's due in a few hours." Which of the following is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy for this patient? A. Clonidine0 B. Lithium0 C. Lorazepam0 D. Physostigmine0 E. Propranolol0 F. Risperidone0 Submit A 15-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his father, who found the patient unconscious on his bedroom floor. It is unclear how long the patient had been unconscious, but his father saw him walking upstairs 5 minutes before finding him. The patient's father was able to rouse him quickly, but the patient continued to feel drowsy and said he was dizzy. His speech was slurred, and he was unsteady on his feet. At the time of evaluation an hour later, the patient's symptoms have resolved, and he denies any knowledge of why he lost consciousness. The father shares that the patient has come home drunk on several occasions. Medical history is noncontributory. Temperature is 36.7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 70/min. The patient is alert and fully oriented. On physical examination, heart and lung sounds are normal. Sensation is decreased in bilateral lower extremities. Liver function tests are slightly elevated. ECG is normal. Intoxication with which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's condition? A. Alcohol0 B. Benzodiazepines0 C. Cocaine0 D. Hallucinogens0 E. Inhalants0 F. Opioids0 Submit A 17-year-old boy is brought to the office due to vomiting, abdominal pain, and watery diarrhea for 24 hours. He also has had difficulty sleeping for the last 2 days and generalized aches. The patient has had no fever. Temperature is 36.6 C (97.9 F), blood pressure is 110/74 mm Hg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 16/min. Physical examination shows a diaphoretic, thin boy in considerable distress. Mucous membranes are dry. What is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Cholinergic poisoning 0 0 B. Intoxication with amphetamines 0 C. Withdrawal from alcohol 0 D. Withdrawal from benzodiazepines E. Withdrawal from heroin0 Submit A 63-year-old man is brought to the emergency department due to restlessness and altered mental status. His wife reports that the patient awakened at 6:00 AM agitated and slightly confused. Over the past 2 hours, his symptoms have worsened. She states that he was well the previous day but went to his primary care doctor due to a persistent, dry cough for 3 weeks following an upper respiratory tract infection. The patient was prescribed dextromethorphan and an albuterol inhaler. He has a history of major depressive disorder that is well controlled with fluoxetine. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), blood pressure is 160/90 mm Hg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 22/min. Pulse oximetry is 100% on room air. The patient is agitated and confused. Pupils are dilated, and lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally. Hyperreflexia and ankle clonus are noted on neurological examination. Which of the following is the most appropriate initial therapy for this patient? A. Bromocriptine0 B. Haloperidol0 C. Levofloxacin0 D. Lorazepam0 E. Physostigmine0 A 31-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by her boyfriend due to confusion. The boyfriend says that the patient "seemed okay" when he left for work this morning, but when he returned in the evening, she was disoriented and "acting like a drunk person"; she had also vomited "all over the bathroom." The patient was recently fired due to interpersonal problems with other employees. She has a history of bipolar disorder. Medications include clonazepam, lithium, and quetiapine. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 110/68 mm Hg, pulse is 92/min, and respirations are 16/min. On physical examination, the patient is somnolent and has frequent fasciculations. Pupils are equal and reactive. During evaluation, she has a brief episode of a generalized tonic-clonic seizure. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hemoglobin 13 g/dL Platelets 300,000/mm3 Leukocytes 9,000/mm3 Serum chemistry Sodium 136 mEq/L Potassium 3.8 mEq/L Bicarbonate 28 mEq/L Creatinine 1.2 mg/dL Glucose 120 mg/dL Blood alcohol negative Serum lithium 2.8 mEq/L (therapeutic range: 0.6-1.2) Acetaminophen and salicylate are not detected in the serum, and urine drug screen is negative. A noncontrast CT scan of the head shows no abnormalities. In addition to supportive measures, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Activated charcoal0 B. Calcium gluconate 0 C. Flumazenil0 n D. Gastric lavage A 19-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by the police after she was found trespassing at an animal shelter. The patient had keys to a rental van, as well as numerous collars and leashes. She says, "The shelter is going to sell the animals to labs, where they'll do horrible experiments on them. I'm the only one who can save them!" The patient quit her retail job a week ago to spend more time researching escape routes for the animals. Throughout the evaluation, she interrupts the physician to yell at other patients and hospital staff walking by the room. She repeatedly refers to herself as a "cat burglar" and then laughs loudly for a few minutes. Physical examination is unremarkable and urine drug screening is negative. Which of the following additional features is most likely in this patient? Q A. Experiencing a sensation of bugs crawling on skin Q B. Experiencing intrusive, unwanted thoughts Q C. Feeling a sense of detachment from self and the environment Q D. Feeling well rested despite minimal sleep Q E. Neglecting personal grooming Q F. Pausing for long periods prior to responding to questions Hemoglobin 13 g/dl Platelets 300,000/mm3 Leukocytes 9,000/mm3 Serum chemistry Sodium 136 mEq/L Potassium 3.8 mEq/L Bicarbonate 28 mEq/L Creatinine 1.2 mg/dl Glucose 120 mg/dl Blood alcohol negative Serum lithium 2.8 mEq/L (therapeutic range: 0.6-1.2) Acetaminophen and salicylate are not detected in the serum, and urine drug screen is negative. A noncontrast CT scan of the head shows no abnormalities. In addition to supportive measures, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Activated charcoal 0 B. Calcium gluconate 0 C. Flumazenil0 D. Gastric lavage 0 E. Hemodialysis0 F. Magnesium sulfate 0 G. Physostigmine0 Submit A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his friends for severe anxiety. He became paranoid and unusually withdrawn at a party and began rocking back and forth, saying, "I feel like I can't breathe" and "I'm afraid I'm going to die." Prior to the party, he was his regular "happy and outgoing" self. The patient has intermittent back pain from a bicycle accident last year for which he takes oxycodone as needed. Temperature is 36.1 C (97 F), blood pressure is 140/80 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 18/min. Pulse oximetry is 98% on room air. Examination shows an anxious and withdrawn boy with 3-mm pupils, conjunctiva! injection, dry oral mucosa, and a healed scar on his right thigh from his bicycle accident. Which of the following is most consistent with this patient's presentation? 0 A. Bath salts intoxication 0 B. Cannabis intoxication 0 C. Cocaine intoxication D. Cocaine withdrawal0 E. Lysergic acid diethylamide intoxication0 F. Opioid intoxication0 G. Opioid withdrawal 0 H. Phencyclidine intoxication0 Submit A 22-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by friends after passing out at a party. They report that alcohol and marijuana were available at the party but are not sure what the patient was using. The friends have seen her use cocaine and marijuana in the past. Bottles of prescription alprazolam and hydrocodone are found in her handbag. The patient has no known history of medical problems and there is no evidence of trauma. On examination, she is stuporous. Temperature is 36.1 C (97 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, pulse is 54/min, and respirations are 6/min. The pupils are 3 mm and reactive. Heart and lung examination is normal and bowel sounds are present. On neurologic examination, the patient responds to painful stimuli and has decreased reflexes bilaterally. Administration of naloxone has no effect. Which of the following substances is the most likely cause of these findings? A. Alcohol and benzodiazepines 0 B. Alcohol and cocaine 0 C. Alcohol and marijuana 0 D. Alcohol and opiates 0 E. Benzodiazepines only 0 A 26-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after an attempted suicide by medication overdose. He has had 2 seizures in the past hour. Temperature is 38.8 C (102 F), blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 22/min. The patient is not oriented to time, place, and person. Pupils are dilated and respond poorly to light; the skin is flushed and dry. Abdominal examination shows reduced bowel sounds. ECG shows prolonged QRS complexes (0.19 sec). Toxicology studies are pending. Which of the following is the best predictor of complications due to overdose of the suspected drug? 0 A. Bowel sounds 0 B. Pupillary size C. QRS duration 0 0 D. Serum drug levels 0 E. Urine drug levels Submit Hematocrit 33% Platelets 140,000/mm3 Leukocytes 13,000/mm3 Serum chemistry Sodium 124 mEq/L Potassium 3.4 mEq/L Chloride 96 mEq/L Bicarbonate 21 mEq/L Blood urea nitrogen 18 mg/dl Creatinine 0.8 mg/dl Glucose 80 mg/dl Urinalysis Protein none Ketones present CT scan of the head is normal. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Amphetamine intoxication 0 B. Eclampsia 0 C. Heat stroke Q D. Hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count syndrome 0 E. Pneumococcal meningitis Submit A 20-year-old woman, gravida 1 para 0, at 36 weeks gestation is brought to the emergency department by her mother due to a seizure. The patient was sitting outside when she suddenly had a 2-minute seizure with loss of urinary continence. She is still confused when she arrives in the emergency department. Her mother reports that the patient has had increasing anxiety and has been acting out for the past several days. Her only surgery was a splenectomy after a motor vehicle collision last year. Temperature is 37.7 C (99.9 F), blood pressure is 158/98 mm Hg, and pulse is 120/min. The patient is agitated and diaphoretic. The pupils are dilated bilaterally. The cranial nerves are intact. The neck is supple and nontender. Cardiopulmonary examination is normal. The abdomen is gravid without rebound or guarding, and the uterus is nontender. There is 2+ pitting pedal edema bilaterally. Sensation and strength are normal in the bilateral upper and lower extremities. Laboratory results are as follows: Complete blood count Hematocrit 33% Platelets 140,000/mm3 Leukocytes 13,000/mm3 Serum chemistry Sodium 124 mEq/L Potassium 3.4 mEq/L Chloride 96 mEq/L Bicarbonate 21 mEq/L Blood urea nitrogen 18 mg/dL Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL Glucose 80 mg/dL Urinalysis Protein none Ketones present CT scan of the head is normal. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A 21-year-old college student is brought to the emergency department by ambulance. The patient's friends saw him swallow an unknown substance at a concert party. Soon afterward, he appeared to be interacting with others at the party. A few hours later, however, the patient seemed disoriented, appeared flushed, and was sweating profusely. When emergency responders arrived, they found him having a seizure. He was stabilized en route to the emergency department, where his seizure stopped. The patient has no active illnesses except for a history of depression, for which he takes a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. He takes no other medications. Temperature is 40 C (104 F), blood pressure is 170/96 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 18/min. On examination, the patient is flushed, diaphoretic, and hyperreflexive with occasional myoclonus, and he continues to be disoriented. Laboratory results are unremarkable except for a serum sodium level of 121 mEq/L. Which of the following substances is the most likely cause of this patient's condition? A. Barbiturates0 B. Bath salts 0 C. Benzodiazepines0 D. Cocaine0 E. Ecstasy0 F. Inhalants0 Submit A 55-year-old man is brought by ambulance to the emergency department due to acute-onset agitation. While at work, the patient became angry during a meeting, throwing his laptop against a wall and accusing his coworkers of conspiring against him. On arrival, he is diaphoretic with flushed skin and dilated pupils. Temperature is 37.6 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 18/min. Physical examination shows no other abnormalities. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia and a prolonged QT interval. The patient refuses to provide a urine specimen. His voice becomes increasingly loud, and he is convinced that other patients are stealing money from him. Administration of a medication with which of the following properties is the most appropriate initial treatment? A. Anti-beta adrenergic0 0 B. Antidopaminergic 0 C. Cholinergic D. GABA-ergic0 E. Serotonergic0 Submit A 23-year-old man comes to the emergency department declaring that police helicopters have followed him for the past year. The patient is convinced that their surveillance lasers are damaging his sperm. He says that the lasers have caused burns on his stomach and a low sperm count. As evidence, the patient points to an area of slight discoloration that looks like a birthmark on his lower abdomen. He has contacted an officer in charge of internal affairs who is investigating his charge of police brutality. The patient has a history of 2 prior psychiatric hospitalizations. His psychosis rapidly improves during hospitalization, but following discharge he stops taking his medication. The patient says, "I used to have schizophrenia, but now I'm cured." He is highly anxious and frequently gets up to pace and look out the window. After describing his fears, he asks if the physician believes him. Which of the following is the best response to the patient? Q A. I believe that these experiences have been very frightening for you. Q B. I can assure you that in the hospital you are safe from any further attacks. Q C. I can see that you are frightened but can assure you that the police are not following you. Q D. I understand that you are frightened, but your concerns are more likely symptoms of your illness. Q E. Let me assure you that we are here to help you and that the discoloration is only a birthmark. Q F. Schizophrenia is a chronic illness; you have previously experienced similar fears that respond well to medication. Submit A 32-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department after overdosing on methadone. Earlier today, the patient attended a court hearing in which her children were removed from her care. A few hours later, her father found her unresponsive and barely breathing, holding an empty methadone bottle. Paramedics administered naloxone. The patient immediately awakened, began breathing normally, and was transported to the emergency department. Her only medical condition is opioid use disorder. Vital signs, physical examination, complete blood count, metabolic panel, and chest x-ray are normal. Over the next 2 hours, the patient remains awake and alert, expresses regret for her overdose, and does not report suicidal ideation. What is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Admit to the hospital for observation 0 B. Discharge home now in the care of her father 0 C. Discharge home now with buprenorphine D. Discharge home now with naloxone0 E. Transfer to a psychiatric hospital 0 Submit A 23-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by her roommate due to bizarre behavior. The roommate reports that, over the past few days, the patient has become increasingly paranoid. She stays up almost all night and believes the apartment is bugged. The roommate became alarmed when the patient did not go to work yesterday and started speaking in a whisper. When interviewed, the patient does not respond verbally to questions but calmly writes on a piece of paper, "I've been warned not to say anything." Her parents are contacted and report a history of depression treated with bupropion. They have never observed the behavior their daughter is exhibiting. The parents report that the patient drinks alcohol socially but do not believe she uses illicit drugs. Vital signs and physical examination are unremarkable. Family history is significant for bipolar disorder in a maternal uncle. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Administer a mood stabilizer 0 B. Administer an antipsychotic medication0 C. Obtain a bupropion blood level 0 D. Obtain a CT scan of the head 0 E. Obtain a urine toxicology screen0 A 26-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by coworkers due to agitated behavior. She is alert but appears distracted by unseen stimuli. During triage, the patient yells at a nurse for being "too close" to her; she also attempts to lift an equipment cart and throws the blood pressure cuff across the room. The patient provides nonsensical responses when asked about her medical history. Her coworkers say that she has depression and anxiety but do not know what medications she takes. Temperature is 37.2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 160/90 mm Hg, pulse is 126/min, and respirations are 18/min. Physical examination shows equal and reactive pupils, intact extraocular movements, and nystagmus. Mild rigidity is noted and is most prominent in the upper extremities. Upper and lower limb deep tendon reflexes are 2+. No tremors are observed, and gait is ataxic. The remainder of the examination is unremarkable. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's presentation? A. Alcohol withdrawal0 B. Cerebellar stroke 0 C. Methamphetamine intoxication0 D. Multiple sclerosis 0 E. Phencyclidine intoxication0 F. Serotonin syndrome 0 Submit A 3-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his parents for evaluation of sudden-onset abnormal breathing and shortness of breath. Yesterday morning, the patient developed a runny nose. Over the past 12 hours, he developed a fever and has had difficulty breathing. Temperature is 40 C (104 F) and respirations are 48/min. Pulse oximetry shows 86% on room air. On physical examination, the patient appears anxious and is sitting up, leaning forward, and drooling. lnspiratory stridor and suprasternal retractions are present. His lips are mildly cyanotic. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Broad-spectrum antibiotics 0 B. Endotracheal intubation 0 C. Intravenous corticosteroids 0 D. Lateral neck radiograph 0 E. Nebulized racemic epinephrine F. Needle cricothyrotomy 0 Submit A 2-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to difficulty breathing that started 6 hours earlier. The patient has had rhinorrhea, nasal congestion, and a dry cough that sounds "like a barking dog" for the past day. Temperature is 37.7 C (99.9 F), blood pressure is 92/64 mm Hg, pulse is 122/min, and respirations are 30/min. Pulse oximetry is 99% on room air. The patient has inspiratory stridor when crying. He is diagnosed with croup, administered oral dexamethasone, and observed in the emergency department. On reassessment 30 minutes later, oxygen saturation is 96% on room air and respirations are 40/min. The patient has inspiratory stridor at rest and subcostal and intercostal retractions. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Chest radiograph 0 B. Intubation and mechanical ventilation C. Nebulized albuterol0 D. Nebulized racemic epinephrine0 E. Supplemental oxygen via face mask0 Submit An 18-month-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to respiratory distress. Severe cough and wheezing began an hour ago while the patient was playing at his cousin's house. Temperature, blood pressure, and pulse are normal. Respirations are 46/min, and pulse oximetry is 90% on room air. Oropharynx is unremarkable. There are suprasternal and intercostal retractions. Auscultation reveals a prolonged expiratory phase as well as wheezing without crackles over the right lung. There is hyperresonance to percussion on the right chest. The left lung is clear without crackles or wheezes. Cardiac examination shows normal S1 and S2. The abdomen is soft and nontender. Skin examination shows no rashes. The patient receives a dose of nebulized albuterol and supplemental oxygen with no improvement. Chest radiograph is shown in the image below: ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's symptoms? A. Anaphylaxis0 B. Asthma0 C. Bronchiolitis0 D. Foreign body aspiration 0 E. Pneumonia0 F. Pneumothorax0 Submit A 20-year-old man was stabbed in the chest during a street fight. Blood pressure is 90/58 mm Hg, pulse is 124/min, and respirations are 30/min. The patient is in severe respiratory distress. Breath sounds are present on the left and absent on the right. Heart sounds are normal. The neck veins are distended. The patient becomes obtunded during examination. Which of the following is the best next step in management? A. Cricothyroidotomy0 B. Emergency department thoracotomy 0 C. Endotracheal intubation 0 D. Needle thoracostomy 0 E. Pericardiocentesis0 0 F. Rapid volume resuscitation Submit A 6-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department by his mother due to new-onset chest pain. A week ago, he developed a low-grade fever with nasal congestion and a dry cough. Over the past few days, he has had paroxysms of coughing that seem to be worse at night. Last night, the patient developed pain in his chest that did not improve after he was given acetaminophen. He has no chronic medical conditions and takes no daily medications. Temperature is 37 .3 C (99.1 F), blood pressure is 106/76 mm Hg, pulse is 130/min, respirations are 36/min, and pulse oximetry is 98% on room air. There is clear rhinorrhea. The posterior oropharynx and tonsils are erythematous. There is mild swelling of the neck and crepitus over the anterior chest. Pulmonary examination reveals clear and equal breath sounds bilaterally. Cardiac examination shows a normal S1 and S2 with no murmurs, rubs, or gallops. Which of the following is the best next step in evaluation of this patient? A. Bronchoscopy0 B. Chest x-ray 0 C. Contrast esophagography 0 D. Pulmonary function tests0 E. Throat culture 0 The following vignette applies to the next 2 items A 34-year-old male immigrant from Mexico is brought to the emergency department after coughing up foamy sputum with a "significant" amount of bright-red blood. His clothes are stained red, but he is not currently having any coughing spells. He has no recent trauma and no other medical problems. He takes no medications. His blood pressure is 112/63 mm Hg, pulse is 97/min, and respirations are 16/min. Pulse oximetry shows 95% on room air. The patient is mildly agitated. Breath sounds are audible bilaterally with some expiratory wheezing on the right side. Intravenous fluids are initiated, and the patient is placed on supplemental oxygen. Portable chest x-ray shows a dense opacity in the right upper lobe. Item 1 of 2 Which of the following is the best initial step in management of this patient? A. Administer broad-spectrum antibiotics0 B. Obtain bronchoscopic evaluation0 C. Order CT scan of the chest with contrast0 D. Perform endotracheal intubation0 E. Place the patient in respiratory isolation0 Submit Item 2 of 2 The patient's initial laboratory results are as follows: Leukocytes 12,500/mm3 Hemoglobin 10.5 g/dl Platelets 225,000/mm3 Creatinine 1.2 mg/dl International Normalized Ratio 1.1 While in the emergency department, the patient has an episode of coughing and shortness of breath. He brings up approximately 600 ml of blood. His blood pressure is 105/61 mm Hg and pulse is 122/min. He is intubated, and fresh blood fills the endotracheal tube. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? A. Bronchoscopy0 B. CT scan of the chest with contrast0 C. Fresh frozen plasma infusion 0 D. Pulmonary arteriography 0 E. Urgent thoracotomy 0 Submit A 10-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department after a motor vehicle collision. Trauma work-up is negative for major injuries but significant for bruising and severe pain over the right side of the chest. Chest x-ray is normal. Over the next 6 hours, the patient develops worsening tachycardia and tachypnea requiring supplemental oxygen. Temperature is 36.7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 110/66 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 24/min. Breath sounds are decreased on the right side. Arterial blood gas results on 6 L of oxygen are as follows: pH 7.42 PaO2 60 mm Hg PaCO2 32 mm Hg Repeat chest x-ray reveals patchy, irregular alveolar infiltrates of the peripheral right middle and lower lobes. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? A. Acute respiratory distress syndrome0 B. Aspiration pneumonia 0 C. Atelectasis0 D. Fat embolism 0 E. Hemothorax0 F. Pneumothorax0 G. Pulmonary contusion 0 H. Pulmonary embolism 0 Submit A 70-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department by her daughter due to 2 days of fever and cough and a day of excessive somnolence. The patient has a history of hypertension and osteoarthritis. She does not use tobacco or alcohol. She lives independently in a senior residential facility and ambulates with the assistance of a cane. Temperature is 39.2 C (102.6 F), blood pressure is 110/76 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 24/min. No pharyngeal erythema or cervical lymphadenopathy is present. Lung auscultation reveals crackles in the right lower lung field. Laboratory results are as follows: Leukocytes 13,800/mm3 Blood urea nitrogen 22 mg/dL Creatinine 1.2 mg/dL Chest x-ray reveals a right lower lobe infiltrate. Which of the following pathogens is the most likely cause of this patient's condition? A. Anaerobic bacteria0 B. Haemophllusinfluenzae0 C. Pseudomonas aeruginosa0 D. Streptococcus pneumoniae 0 E. Streptococcus pyogenes0 Submit A 3-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department by ambulance after being found unresponsive in her family's pool an hour ago. She and her mother had been playing on the back porch until the mother went inside for less than 1 minute to answer the phone. When the mother came back outside, she found the girl floating face down in the pool. The mother immediately pulled her out and began rescue breathing, and the neighbor called an ambulance. The emergency medical team arrived 5 minutes later, at which time the patient was awake, alert, and coughing. She is an otherwise healthy girl with no prior hospitalizations. On arrival, temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, pulse is 104/min, and respirations are 20/min; pulse oximetry is 99% on room air. Physical examination shows a smiling, alert young girl running around the room. Heart rate and rhythm are regular, and the lungs are clear to auscultation with no adventitious sounds or increased work of breathing. Which of the following complications is this patient at greatest risk of developing? A. Acute respiratory distress syndrome0 B. Acute tubular necrosis0 C. Cardiac arrhythmia0 D. Cerebral edema0 E. Gastrointestinal perforation0 Submit A 28-year-old man develops headache, nausea, cough, shortness of breath, and fatigue while hiking the Mount Whitney Summit Trail in California. The patient arrived 3 days ago from Los Angeles. He is also accompanied by his friend who came from New Jersey, but his friend does not have any symptoms. The patient has no medical conditions and takes no medications. He drinks 3 or 4 beers every day. Temperature is 38.3 C (101 F), blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg, pulse is 120/min, and oxygen saturation is 85% on ambient air. Examination shows cyanosis, dry mucous membranes, and bilateral crackles. Chest x-ray reveals diffuse, patchy infiltrates and normal heart size. Laboratory studies reveal leukocytes of 14,000/mm3 with 74% neutrophils. Serum procalcitonin level is 0.10 mcg/L (normal: <0.25). What is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Acute Chagas disease 0 B. Aspiration pneumonia Q C. Heart failure with preserved systolic function Q D. Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema 0 E. Streptococcal pneumonia ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 36-year-old man from California who had been skiing at a Colorado ski resort for 3 days developed cough, shortness of breath, headache, and dizziness. The patient has no previous medical problems and takes no medication. He does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. Temperature is 38.3 C (100.9 F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 102/min. Oxygen saturation is 86% on room air. Examination shows cyanosis, dry mucous membranes, normal jugular venous pressure, and bilateral lung crackles. Heart sounds are normal. There is no peripheral edema. Neurologic examination shows no focal findings. Leukocytes are 13,000/mm3 with 75% neutrophils. The patient is given antibiotics and high-flow oxygen as well as strict bed rest. Six hours later his symptoms markedly improve with a decrease in oxygen requirements. What is the most likely diagnosis? A. Bacterial pneumonia 0 B. Cardiogenic pulmonary edema0 C. Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema 0 D. Pulmonary thromboembolism 0 E. Viral pneumonia 0 A 65-year-old man with a history of moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is brought to the emergency department with progressive dyspnea, productive cough, and fever over the past 2 days. Initial evaluation shows that the patient is in respiratory distress. Temperature is 38.8 C (101.8 F), blood pressure is 122/74 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 32/min; pulse oximetry is 93% on 4 L oxygen by nasal cannula. A presumptive diagnosis of COPD exacerbation is made. His trachea is intubated and he is placed on mechanical ventilation. A central venous catheter is placed in the right subclavian vein. Intravenous antibiotics, glucocorticoids, and inhaled bronchodilators are administered. Despite these measures, the patient continues to desaturate over the next 20 minutes with a pulse oximetry reading of 83% despite breathing 100% inspired oxygen. His inspiratory pressures are elevated. Repeat vital signs show blood pressure of 80/50 mm Hg and pulse of 120/min. The trachea is deviated to the left. Breath sounds are absent on the right side and wheezes are heard on the left side. Neck veins are distended. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Arterial blood gas analysis 0 B. Endotracheal tube repositioning0 C. Intravenous fluids and norepinephrine 0 D. Needle thoracostomy 0 E. Pericardiocentesis0 F. Stat chest x-ray 0 Submit A 25-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to dry cough, wheezing, and congestion. The patient says his symptoms have been worsening over the past 3 days; he has no fever or chills. Medical history includes well-controlled asthma and no hospitalizations. The patient says normally he uses his reliever inhaler only as needed, usually 3 or 4 times a year, but it has not relieved his symptoms during this episode. Temperature is 37.1 C (98.8 F), blood pressure is 138/78 mm Hg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 24/min. Oxygen saturation is 95% on room air. Diffuse wheezing is noted on examination. The patient is appropriately treated and says he feels much better 2 hours later. On reexamination, respirations are 18/min, oxygen saturation is 99% on room air, and the wheezing has decreased. The patient would like to go home. In addition to optimizing his rescue inhaler therapy, which of the following medications is indicated on discharge to promote resolution of this patient's exacerbation? 0 A. Daily inhaled ipratropium 0 B. No additional medication Q C. Five days of oral azithromycin 0 D. Daily oral loratadine Q E. Short course of oral prednisone Submit A 32-year-old woman is evaluated for cough and shortness of breath while mountain climbing. She has no chronic medical problems and takes no medication. The patient does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. On examination, temperature is 36.5 C (97.7 F), blood pressure is 134/84 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 20/min. BMI is 25 kg/m2. Oxygen saturation is 84¡/o on ambient air. Perioral cyanosis is present. She is in moderate respiratory distress. Pulmonary examination reveals bilateral inspiratory crackles. Chest x-ray reveals normal heart size and bilateral patchy lung infiltrates. Therapy for this patient would most likely focus on which of the following? 0 A. Increasing coronary blood flow 0 B. Increasing hypoxic ventilatory response 0 C. Increasing systemic vascular resistance D. Reducing left ventricular end-diastolic pressure0 0 E. Reducing pericardia! pressure 0 F. Reducing pulmonary artery pressure Submit A 75-year-old woman comes to the emergency department for shortness of breath. Her family reports she has been having difficulty breathing for the last few nights. About an hour ago, the patient's condition suddenly deteriorated and she developed significant respiratory distress. She has had no fever or cough but has been out of her regular medications for a week. Medical history is significant for hypertension, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 205/110 mm Hg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 32/min. Pulse oximetry is 89% on high-flow oxygen. The patient is awake but in distress and able to speak only in 1-word sentences. Bilateral crackles and an S3 gallop are present. She has 3+ pitting edema in her bilateral lower extremities. Noninvasive positive pressure mechanical ventilation is initiated. The beneficial effects of positive pressure ventilation in this patient are most likely through which of the following physiologic changes? Right ventricular Left ventricular Left ventricular preload preload afterload 0 A. L L L 0 B. L L i 0 C. L i i 0 D. i L L 0 E. i i i Submit A 31-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after being involved in a motor vehicle collision as an unrestrained passenger. He was given 3 L of normal saline in the ambulance on the way to the hospital and has been receiving 5 L/min of oxygen by nasal cannula. The patient is agitated and moves all 4 extremities spontaneously. Blood pressure is 82/50 mm Hg, heart rate is 130/min, and respirations are 30/min. On examination, the pupils are symmetric and reactive to light. The neck veins are flat, and the trachea is shifted slightly to the right. Over the left chest, breath sounds are diminished and there is dullness to percussion. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Diaphragmatic rupture 0 B. Hemothorax 0 C. Lung atelectasis 0 D. Lung contusion 0 E. Tension pneumothorax F. Tracheobronchial injury0 Submit A 24-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to sudden-onset difficulty breathing. She is preparing to defend her graduate school thesis at the end of the week. The patient feels that she "can't get enough air" into her lungs. Her fingertips have started tingling. She has no pain. Medical history includes allergic rhinitis and childhood eczema. Medications include nasal fluticasone. Temperature is 36.7 C (98 F), blood pressure is 110/76 mm Hg, pulse is 100/min, respirations are 20/min, and pulse oximetry is 99%. On examination, she is taking deep breaths with occasional audible deep sighs. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Cardiac auscultation is normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate treatment for this patient's condition? 0 A. High-dose intravenous lorazepam 0 B. Nebulized albuterol C. Racemic epinephrine 0 D. Reassurance and breathing into a paper bag 0 E. Reassurance and breathing retraining 0 Submit A 65-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to abdominal pain and nausea for a day. She has a history of end-stage renal disease due to advanced diabetic nephropathy. She undergoes home peritoneal dialysis. The kidneys make very little urine, and bowel movements are regular. Temperature is 38.3 C (100.9 F), blood pressure is 150/84 mm Hg, pulse is 108/min and regular, and respirations are 20/min. Cardiac and pulmonary examinations are unremarkable. Abdominal examination shows diffuse tenderness but no rebound or rigidity. The dialysis catheter exit site appears normal. Blood leukocyte count is 12,000/mm3. What is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. CT scan of the abdomen 0 B. Gram stain and culture of the peritoneal fluid 0 C. MR angiography 0 D. Multiple sets of blood cultures 0 E. Urine culture Submit A 68-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department for lethargy and drowsiness. The patient's husband reports that over the past 2 days she has been sleeping more and has had trouble walking. This morning, she managed to get into the bathtub but was too weak to get out. Medical history is significant for hypertension, chronic kidney disease, chronic low back pain, and frequent constipation. She takes amlodipine daily and acetaminophen/hydrocodone and magnesium citrate as needed. Temperature is 36.1 C (97 F), blood pressure is 90/68 mm Hg, pulse is 52/min, and respirations are 10/min. Pulse oximetry shows 92% on room air. The patient is lethargic and somnolent. The pupils are equal and reactive to light. Auscultation of the heart and lungs is normal. The abdomen is soft and nondistended. Strength in the upper and lower extremities is 2/5, and deep tendon reflexes are absent. The patient's condition does not change with naloxone administration. Serum creatinine is at her baseline value of 2.3 mg/dl. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Cerebellar infarction0 B. Guillain-Barre syndrome0 C. Hypermagnesemia0 D. Opioid overdose 0 E. Uremic polyneuropathy 0 Submit A 37-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to severe, left-sided flank pain that started a day ago. The pain began acutely, is intermittent and colicky, and radiates to the groin. The patient has had associated nausea, 2 episodes of vomiting, and hematuria. Today she developed fever and chills. The patient has no prior medical conditions and takes no medications. Temperature is 38.4 C (101.1 F), blood pressure is 110/7 4 mm Hg, pulse is 108/min, and respirations are 20/min. Physical examination shows exquisite left costovertebral angle tenderness to percussion. CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis without contrast reveals a 5-mm stone in the left midureter with dilation of the proximal ureter. Which of the following is the strongest indication for urgent urologic consultation with this patient? 0 A. Fever and chills 0 B. Macroscopic hematuria C. Recurrent vomiting0 D. Stone size 0 E. Ureteral dilation0 Submit A 30-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to sudden-onset severe, colicky right flank pain. He also has had dysuria, urinary frequency, hematuria, and nausea but no vomiting. The patient has never had these symptoms. He works as a long-haul truck driver. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 126/70 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 18/min. Examination shows no abnormalities. Analgesics and antiemetics are administered, and symptoms markedly improve. Noncontrast CT scan reveals a 4-mm radiopaque stone in the right lower ureter. Serum calcium is 9.8 mg/dL, serum creatinine is 0.9 mg/dL, and blood urea nitrogen is 15 mg/dL. Urinalysis demonstrates hematuria but is otherwise normal. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? Q A. Admit to the hospital for intravenous hydration and pain control 0 B. Admit to the hospital for lithotripsy Q C. Admit to the hospital to ensure the patient does not develop pyelonephritis Q D. Admit to the hospital to ensure the stone is passed and collected for analysis Q E. Discharge home with analgesics and instructions to drink 2 L/day of fluids Submit A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a hard fall during a skateboarding trick. The patient was attempting a board slide down a metal handrail when he lost his balance, striking his left flank against the rail. He did not hit his head or lose consciousness but felt short of breath for approximately a minute after the impact. The patient now has pain in the left midback. Blood pressure is 132/80 mm Hg and pulse is 106/min. Breath and heart sounds are normal. The abdomen is soft and nontender. The left flank is bruised and tender to palpation. Hematocrit is 44%. Urinalysis is normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Admission for serial hematocrits B. CT scan of the abdomen 0 0 C. Diagnostic laparoscopy 0 D. Discharge home with close follow-up 0 E. Retrograde cystourethrography Submit A 6-year-old boy is brought to the office due to bright red blood in the urine for the past day. He has had no dysuria, urgency, frequency, or pain. There is no history of trauma. The patient has no chronic medical conditions or recent infections and takes no medications. Temperature is 98.6 F (37 C), pulse is 80/min, blood pressure is 100/65 mm Hg, and respirations are 20/min. Examination shows normal cardiopulmonary, abdominal, and genital examinations. There is no flank or suprapubic tenderness. There is no edema. Laboratory results are as follows: Serum chemistry Blood urea nitrogen 14 mg/dL Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL Urinalysis Specific gravity 1.019 Protein none Blood 3+ Leukocyte esterase negative Nitrites negative Bacteria none White blood cells 2-4/hpf Red blood cells 100+/hpf Casts none Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? 0 A. 24-hour urine protein measurement 0 B. CT scan of the abdomen without contrast 0 C. Cystoscopy 0 D. Kidney biopsy 0 E. Renal and bladder ultrasonography A 73-year-old man with dementia is brought to the emergency department by nursing home staff because he has been moaning continuously and gripping his lower abdomen for the past 36 hours. The patient is unable to give any history, but staff members say that he refused oral intake the previous day. He has had no vomiting or diarrhea. His last bowel movement was 2 days ago. The patient uses adult diapers, which were last changed 2 days ago. He has a history of benign prostatic hyperplasia, external hemorrhoids, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. One year ago, he was hospitalized for diverticular bleeding that resolved spontaneously. His medications review shows that his primary care physician started amitriptyline 8 days ago for chronic neck pain. On physical examination, the patient is afebrile. His blood pressure is 160/70 mm Hg and his pulse is 100/min. The mucous membranes are moist. His lung fields are clear to auscultation. Palpation of the abdomen shows fullness and tenderness along the midline below the umbilicus without guarding or rigidity. Bowel sounds are heard in all 4 quadrants. Which of the following is the best initial management for this patient? A. Abdominal CT scan0 B. Barium enema0 C. Intravenous fluids, analgesics, and observation 0 D. Upright abdominal x-ray 0 E. Urgent surgical consultation 0 F. Urinary catheterization 0 Submit A 42-year-old man is brought to the emergency department immediately after having a seizure. His family describes a medical history of generalized tonic-clonic seizures. The patient has been on valproic acid for the past 10 years but stopped taking the drug 6 months ago as he had no seizures in the last 9 years. He is otherwise healthy and had been doing well until this seizure episode. He does not use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs. The patient is afebrile. Blood pressure is 105/68 mm Hg, pulse is 96/min, and respirations are 18/min. Pulse oximetry shows 99¡/c, on room air. The patient appears confused and lethargic. Chest auscultation is unremarkable, and the abdomen is soft and nontender. A limited neurologic examination is nonfocal. Laboratory results are as follows: Serum chemistry Sodium 140 mEq/L Potassium 4.0 mEq/L Chloride 103 mEq/L Bicarbonate 17 mEq/L Blood urea nitrogen 20 mg/dl Creatinine 0.8 mg/dl Glucose 98 mg/dl Arterial blood gas shows pH 7 .24. Chest x-ray and urinalysis are within normal limits, and a CT scan of the head is unremarkable. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient's metabolic acidosis? Q A. Administer intravenous bicarbonate 0 B. Check serum amylase 0 C. Check serum ketones Q D. Observe and repeat the laboratory tests after 2 hours 0 E. Obtain a serum ammonia level 0 F. Start a norepinephrine infusion Submit A 34-year-old man comes to the emergency department with severe abdominal pain. He describes the pain as "sharp" and "unbearable." It is located in the lower left abdomen and radiates to the groin. He has vomited twice since it began. The patient has no burning with urination. He is afebrile. He has difficulty lying still on the examination table due to the discomfort. Mucous membranes appear slightly dry. Lungs are clear to auscultation. Heart sounds are normal and there are no murmurs or gallops. The abdomen is soft and nontender to palpation. Inspection and palpation show normal genitalia. Extremities have no cyanosis, clubbing, or edema. Which of the following is the most appropriate test to diagnose this patient's condition? 0 A. Abdominal and pelvic x-ray 0 B. Abdominal ultrasonogram 0 C. Amylase and lipase D. Colonoscopy0 E. CT of the abdomen and pelvis with contrast0 F. Exploratory laparotomy 0 G. Intravenous pyelography 0 H. Radioisotope (HIDA) scanning 0 I. Urinalysis and urine culture 0 A 62-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department due to right knee pain and swelling. The patient was walking up a flight of stairs when she missed a step and fell on her knee. She had difficulty walking afterward. Medical history includes hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and end-stage renal disease for which she receives hemodialysis. Blood pressure is 162/97 mm Hg and pulse is 94/min. BMI is 52 kg/m2. Examination of the right knee shows a large effusion. The patient cannot keep her leg straight while flexing at the hip. Passive range of motion at the knee is intact. Neurovascular examination is normal. X-ray of the knee is shown in the image below: Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? A. Anterior cruciate ligament tear0 0 B. Meniscus tear C. Patellar tendon rupture0 D. Quadriceps tendon rupture0 E. Tibial plateau fracture 0 Submit A 70-year-old woman comes to the emergency department at 10 PM after falling in her kitchen 30 minutes ago. She has severe left wrist pain. The patient did not hit her head and reports no other injuries. Medical history is significant for hypertension and osteoporosis. Vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, the left wrist is bruised and swollen and diffusely tender to palpation, but the skin overlying the wrist is intact. The radial pulse is absent, and capillary refill in the fingers is delayed. X-rays of the left wrist are shown in the exhibits. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Administer intraarterial thrombolytic therapy 0 B. Admit for orthopedic evaluation in the morning 0 C. Measure forearm compartment pressure 0 D. Perform closed reduction in the emergency department 0 E. Splint the wrist and arrange for outpatient follow-up Submit A 26-year-old man comes to the emergency department for evaluation of right ankle pain. The patient was playing basketball just prior to arrival when he jumped in the air and landed on his friend's foot, rolling his right ankle. He immediately fell to the ground. The patient was unable to walk off the basketball court by himself and is unable to walk to the examination room unaided. Blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg and pulse is 76/min. BMI is 20 kg/m2. The lateral aspect of the right ankle has significant swelling and tenderness to palpation over the lateral malleolus. There is no bruising and no tenderness to palpation over the anterior aspect of the foot. The patient can plantar flex and dorsiflex the ankle. Sensation is normal. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Ankle splinting and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs 0 B. Immediate surgical fixation 0 0 C. lntraarticular aspiration D. MRI of the ankle and foot 0 E. X-ray of the ankle 0 Submit A SO-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a motor vehicle collision. The patient was the restrained driver when a truck hit the side of his car. His head was not injured, and he did not lose consciousness, but he had severe chest, pelvic, and leg pain with intensity rated at 10 on a scale of 10. The patient has a history of injection heroin use but has not used illicit drugs since completing a methadone rehabilitation program 15 years ago. Temperature is 37.1 C (98.8 F), blood pressure is 147/86 mm Hg, pulse is 114/min, and respirations are 18/min. An open fracture of the left leg has some external bleeding. Wound debridement and external fixation of the fracture are planned. Rib and pubic rami fractures are being managed nonoperatively. The patient is given intravenous ketorolac and acetaminophen. An hour later, his pain is 7 on a scale of 10, and he appears visibly uncomfortable. The patient requests stronger pain control. Which of the following is the most appropriate analgesic pharmacotherapy for this patient? A. Administer gabapentin therapy 0 B. Administer oral tramadol therapy0 C. Offer oral methadone therapy0 D. Offer short-acting intravenous opioid therapy 0 E. Request that the patient tolerate the pain0 Submit A 17-year-old girl is brought to the emergency department due to severe right shoulder pain. She was playing basketball when her shoulder popped out of place. Her coach placed her arm in a sling, gave her an ice pack, and drove her to the emergency department. The patient has no numbness or tingling in the arm. She takes no medications. Vital signs are normal. On examination, the range of motion in the right shoulder is limited, with anterior and lateral tenderness to palpation. The neurovascular examination is normal. X-ray of the right shoulder is shown in the exhibit. The condition is treated successfully without complications. This patient is at greatest risk for which of the following conditions? 0 A. Avascular necrosis of the head of the humerus 0 B. Axillary artery thrombosis 0 C. Myositis ossificans D. Osteomyelitis0 0 E. Recurrence of the condition 0 F. Septic arthritis Submit ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 16-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to left shoulder and hand pain after he fell on his outstretched hand while playing soccer. He immediately heard a crunching sound and had intense pain in the left shoulder following the injury. Blood pressure is 105/72 mm Hg and pulse is 85/min. On examination, he is holding his left arm with his right hand. There is bruising around the left shoulder and a small hematoma is noted at the base of the neck. Neurologic examination reveals intact sensation in the left upper extremity. The right radial pulse is easily palpable, and the left radial pulse is slightly decreased. X-ray of the left shoulder and chest reveals a displaced fracture of the clavicle with a normal cardiac silhouette. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Closed reduction with figure of eight brace 0 B. CT angiogram 0 C. Nerve conduction studies D. Open reduction of the clavicle 0 E. Upper extremity venous duplex scan0 Submit A 46-year-old man comes to the emergency department for evaluation of left ankle pain. The patient was walking down a flight of stairs when he missed a step and landed on the lateral aspect of his foot. He immediately experienced pain in the ankle that has progressively worsened over the past 4 hours despite ibuprofen and application of ice. The patient's medical conditions include chronic hypertension and hyperlipidemia. Temperature is 36. 7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 76/min. BMI is 29 kg/m2. Examination of the left ankle shows significant bruising over the lateral aspect. Range of motion is limited on external rotation of the foot due to pain. There is no tenderness to palpation over bony prominences of the ankle, and sensation is normal. The patient can take 5-6 steps before stopping due to pain. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. Ankle brace0 B. Immediate surgical fixation 0 C. lntraarticular corticosteroid injection0 D. MRI of the ankle 0 E. X-ray of the ankle0 A 27-year-old painter comes to the emergency department due to severe pain in his left hand. Towards the end of the workday yesterday, he was using an industrial sprayer to paint a deck when he accidentally placed his left index finger over the sprayer nozzle, injecting paint into the finger. The patient initially had only localized soreness in the finger, but he awoke in the middle of the night with severe pain. The patient has no chronic medical conditions, and immunizations including tetanus are up to date. Blood pressure is 144/86 mm Hg, pulse is 100/minute, respirations are 18/minute, and temperature is 37.3 C (99.1 F). On examination, the patient's left index finger, hand, and forearm are swollen. There is a 4 mm puncture wound on the flexor surface of the left index finger near the proximal interphalangeal joint. There is tenderness along the flexor surface of the entire digit, and passive extension of the index finger causes severe pain radiating up the arm. Capillary refill is <2 seconds in the hand and all digits. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient's condition? A. Administration of systemic thrombolysis 0 B. Fasciotomy and debridement in the operating room0 C. Limb immobilization and elevation0 D. Local injection of a neutralizing agent0 E. Wound irrigation and discharge with antibiotics0 Submit A SO-year-old man comes to the office due to a 3-day history of worsening redness and swelling of his left foot. The patient reports only minimal pain and has had no fever, chills, or malaise. One day prior to the onset of these symptoms, the patient slightly twisted his foot while getting out of the bathtub, but he recalls no major injury. Medical history is significant for type 1 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia. Temperature is 36.7 C (98.1 F), blood pressure is 124/80 mm Hg, and pulse is 78/min. On examination, the entire left foot is edematous, erythematous, and warm compared to the right foot, with moderately restricted range of motion. Monofilament testing reveals significant impairment of sensation of both feet. No skin ulcers or gross bony abnormalities are noted. Dorsalis pedis pulses are 2+ and symmetric. Laboratory results are as follows: Hemoglobin 12 g/dL Leukocytes 9,800/mm3 Platelets 240,000/mm3 Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 15 mm/hr Creatinine 1.1 mg/dL X-rays of the left foot show mild soft tissue edema but no fracture or dislocation. Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? Q A. Antibiotic therapy covering gram-positive and gram-negative organisms Q B. Avoidance of weight bearing with the use of a cast Q C. Measurement of serum uric acid level Q D. Surgical incision and drainage Submit An 84-year-old woman with Alzheimer dementia is brought to the emergency department for evaluation after refusing to get out of bed. She has been known to wander the halls at her facility, and a nursing aide reported finding her on the floor next to her bed earlier that day. Vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, the patient is in pain. Her right leg appears shorter than her left. She is able to wiggle her toes but has significant external rotation of the right lower extremity compared with the left. There is no evidence of head trauma and the lower leg compartments are soft. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis in this patient? 0 A. Femoral neck fracture 0 B. Femoral shaft fracture 0 C. Posterior hip dislocation 0 D. Pubic ramus fracture 0 E. Trochanteric fracture Submit A 64-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a high-speed motor vehicle collision. The patient was a restrained passenger in a truck involved in a head-on collision with another vehicle. On examination, he is alert and oriented with severe pain and deformity of the right lower extremity. The patient is lying on his left side with a shortened and internally rotated right leg. The right hip is flexed and adducted, the right knee is flexed, and he is unable to dorsiflex or to straighten the right leg, even with assistance. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis? 0 A. Anterior hip dislocation 0 B. Femoral neck fracture 0 C. Knee dislocation 0 D. Posterior hip dislocation 0 E. Trochanteric fracture Submit A 15-year-old gymnast comes to the office due to a 4-week history of back pain. The pain is dull and achy and located in the central lower back with occasional radiation to the buttocks. It occurs mainly with activity and is relieved with rest; there is no pain at night. There is no associated numbness or weakness in the legs. Naproxen transiently improves the pain. Vital signs are normal. BMI is 19 kg/m2. On examination, the pain is reproduced with lumbar extension and improves with flexion. There is no focal spinal tenderness on superficial palpation; minimal tenderness is present on deep palpation at the LS level. Gait is normal. Strength, sensation, and reflexes in the lower extremities are normal. Straight-leg raising test is negative bilaterally. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? 0 A. Assay for H LA-B27 serotype 0 B. Obtain CT scan of the spine 0 C. Obtain DXA scan 0 D. Obtain plain x-rays of the lumbar spine 0 E. Reassure and encourage previous level of sports participation Submit A 13-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department due to refusal to bear weight on the right leg. He has had vague right knee pain for the last 4 days that is now localized to his proximal thigh. Today, the pain has worsened and he is unable to bear weight. The boy has also had a decreased appetite and high fever for the last 3 days. He has had no recent trauma. The patient has no known medical conditions and has had no surgeries. Weight is >95th percentile, height is at the 25th percentile, and BMI is >95th percentile. Palpation over the anterior femur elicits point tenderness. Bilateral hips have full range of motion. The skin overlying the right proximal femur is slightly swollen and erythematous. The remainder of the examination is normal. Which of the following best describes the pathogenesis of this patient's current condition? A. Avascular necrosis of the femoral head0 0 B. Decreased mineralization of the femoral metaphysis 0 C. Displacement of the proximal femoral physis D. Hematogenous spread of infection to the femoral metaphysis0 E. Malignant degeneration of the femoral diaphysis0 Submit A 66-year-old man is brought to the emergency department with low back and left hip pain. The patient tripped at work and fell backwards, landing on his left side. He has no head injury or loss of consciousness. Medical history is unremarkable. Blood pressure is 148/90 mm Hg, pulse is 105/min, and respirations are 18/min. On examination, the left paraspinal lumbar area and left hip are tender to palpation. The neurovascular examination is intact. X-ray is obtained and is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Admit for nonoperative pain control and physical therapy 0 B. Admit for surgical repair 0 C. CT scan of the pelvis without contrast Q D. Discharge with crutches and instructions for weight bearing as tolerated Q E. Discharge with non-weight-bearing instructions and outpatient physical therapy Submit ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 63-year-old man comes to the emergency department due to a 2-day history of right knee pain and swelling. The pain is severe enough to interfere with walking. He does not recall any significant trauma to the knee. Medical history is notable for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and mild chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The patient has a 40-pack-year smoking history and drinks 3-5 alcoholic beverages a night. He is a gardener and frequently works extended hours when on a job. Temperature is 37 .2 C (99 F), blood pressure is 115/75 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min. On examination, there is a dome-shaped swelling anterior to the patella, along with faint erythema and sharp tenderness. Passive range of motion at the knee is normal. X-ray of the knee is shown below: Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's acute symptoms? ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's acute symptoms? Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's acute symptoms? A. Crystal-induced arthropathy0 B. Fracture of the patella0 C. Infectious arthritis0 D. Patellar tendinitis 0 E. Patellofemoral pain syndrome 0 F. Prepatellar bursitis0 Submit A 64-year-old man comes to the emergency department with left ankle pain. The patient was playing tennis 2 days ago, attempted to pivot, and felt a sharp pain in his ankle. He has since had difficulty walking and stumbled on the stairs yesterday. On examination, the patient can bear weight, but it is painful. There is diffuse swelling of the ankle. Pulses and sensation in the left foot are normal. Passive range of motion is normal in all directions. Active plantar flexion and dorsiflexion are present. With the patient in the prone position, squeezing the left calf does not cause movement in the left foot. Left ankle x-ray shows soft tissue swelling but no fracture. Which of the following will be most impaired on physical examination? 0 A. Eversion of the left foot against resistance 0 B. Inversion of the left foot against resistance C. Walking heel to toe0 D. Walking on the heel of the left foot 0 E. Walking on tip toes of the left foot 0 Submit A 59-year-old man comes to the emergency department after he fell while walking in his yard and struck his right upper chest on a brick. The patient has severe pain in the right upper chest but none elsewhere. He did not hit his head or lose consciousness. Medical history is significant for coronary artery bypass surgery a year ago. Blood pressure is 90/62 mm Hg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 20/min. Pulse oximetry is 96% on room air. On examination, the patient appears diaphoretic. There is swelling, bruising, and tenderness to palpation over the right clavicle and right upper chest. Heart and lung sounds are normal; the abdomen is soft and nontender to palpation. After an intravenous fluid bolus is administered, blood pressure improves to 110/64 mm Hg and pulse to 100/min. ECG reveals sinus tachycardia. A plain film chest x-ray is obtained, as shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in evaluation of this patient? A. CT scan of the chest 0 B. CT scan of the neck 0 C. Echocardiography0 D. Plain x-rays of the humerus 0 E. Ultrasound of the abdomen 0 A 25-year-old man comes to the emergency department for right knee pain following a motorcycle collision that occurred earlier in the day. Immediately after the accident, the patient noted severe pain and marked swelling in his right knee. Pain was minimally relieved by rest, ice, and over-the-counter analgesia. The patient can bear weight, but he feels that the knee is "giving out." He particularly has difficulty walking down stairs. Vital signs are normal. X-rays of the right knee demonstrate an avulsion fracture of the anterolateral tibial plateau. MRI of the knee would most likely reveal which of the following? 0 A. Anterior cruciate ligament tear 0 B. Posterior cruciate ligament tear 0 C. Medial meniscus tear 0 D. Lateral meniscus tear 0 E. Medial collateral ligament injury 0 F. Lateral collateral ligament injury Submit A 65-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to severe pain in her left arm. The patient tripped and fell while working in her yard this morning. To save her head and face from hitting the concrete, she fell on her outstretched left hand. The patient reports no head injury or loss of consciousness. She has no back or neck pain. Vital signs are within normal limits. On examination, the left arm is externally rotated and abducted, and the patient is unable to move it without excruciating pain. Distal pulses and sensation are intact. X-ray reveals anterior shoulder dislocation and a mildly displaced fracture of the humeral neck. The patient is given appropriate analgesics for pain control. What is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Closed reduction of the dislocation under sedation Q B. CT angiography of the left upper extremity Q C. Open surgical repair of the dislocation and fracture Q D. Venous duplex ultrasonography of the left upper extremity Submit A 25-year-old man is brought to the emergency department following a high-speed motorcycle collision. The patient is alert and in distress due to pain. Blood pressure is 84/52 mm Hg and pulse is 130/min. The airway is patent, the trachea is midline, and breath sounds are present bilaterally. Heart sounds are normal. There is bruising across the left chest wall, the lower abdomen, and the left flank. The abdomen is soft and mildly tender to palpation diffusely, without rebound tenderness. The bony pelvis is unstable to gentle downward pressure. The left lower leg is visibly deformed but distal lower extremity capillary refill is symmetric. There is blood present at the urethral meatus. Chest x-ray reveals multiple rib fractures without pneumothorax. Focused Assessment with Sonography for Trauma reveals no pericardia! effusion or intraperitoneal free fluid. Portable anteroposterior pelvic x-ray is shown in the image below: ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook In addition to resuscitation with IV crystalloid and/or blood products, which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? A. CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis0 B. Placement of a pelvic binder0 C. Plain radiographs of the left tibia and fibula 0 D. Reduction of the lower leg deformity 0 E. Retrograde cystourethrogram 0 Submit A 65-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a motor vehicle collision. The patient was the restrained front passenger in a car that skidded on ice and hit a tree at 25 miles/hr. His right leg was pinned under the dashboard, and extrication took 2 hours. The patient has severe right leg pain, which is minimally relieved with morphine. He had a myocardial infarction 6 months ago for which he takes aspirin and clopidogrel. Blood pressure is 102/72 mm Hg and pulse is 111/min. On physical examination, the patient is mildly sedated. The right leg appears swollen and bruised. Sensation is intact. Passive movement of the right ankle and toes cause severe pain in the lower leg. Bilateral pedal pulses are palpable. X-ray of the right lower extremity is negative for fracture. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient's leg pain? 0 A. Apply a compression wrap Q B. Measure leg compartment pressures Q C. Obtain a lower extremity arteriogram Q D. Order a CT scan of the lower extremity Q E. Perform a lower extremity venous ultrasound Q F. Place the leg in balanced traction Submit A 53-year-old man is brought to the emergency department after a fall while skiing. The patient immediately felt severe pain in the right hip and had to be brought down the mountain by ski patrol. He does not have any other injuries. Medical history is unremarkable, and the patient does not take any medications. Blood pressure is 168/94 mm Hg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 24/min. Pulse oximetry is 96% on room air. On examination, the patient appears uncomfortable and in pain. The right hip is flexed, displays an obvious deformity, and is tender to palpation. Hip range of motion is limited, and the right leg is shortened and internally rotated. Distal pulses are intact. X-ray of the pelvis is shown in the exhibit. Which of the following is the best next step in management of this patient? Q A. Admit for pain control and orthopedic consultation in the morning Q B. Closed reduction in the emergency department Q C. Discharge home with crutches and orthopedic follow-up Q D. Obtain a CT angiogram of the right lower extremity Q E. Place a pelvic binder on the patient Submit ©_Zoom In 0_Zoom Out C Reset frNew I fr] Existing (l;JMy Notebook A 75-year-old woman comes to the emergency department due to severe back pain for 2 days that started suddenly while she was vacuuming her house. She also reports sharp pain in the right flank. Medical history includes hypertension and stage 1 chronic kidney disease. Temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), blood pressure is 142/94 mm Hg, and pulse is 88/min. Physical examination shows spinal tenderness at T10. There is no costovertebral angle tenderness. The abdomen is soft and nontender with no palpable masses. In addition to appropriate pain control, what is the most appropriate next step in management? 0 A. Abdominal ultrasound B. CT scan with contrast of the abdomen 0 0 C. No additional testing needed 0 D. Plain x-ray of the spine 0 E. Technetium 99m scan Submit A 44-year-old man is brought to the emergency department of a large academic medical center by ambulance after being shot in the thigh during an altercation at a local bar. Blood pressure 113/66 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 22/min. On examination, the patient appears intoxicated and in moderate distress. The left lower extremity has a gunshot entry wound on the anterolateral upper left thigh and an exit wound on the medial thigh. The patient repeatedly uses offensive and racially charged language toward the treating physician. Which best describes the physician's ethical duty to provide treatment for this patient? Q A. Duty to treat all patients entering a clinical setting regardless of behavior Q B. Duty to treat all patients when the patient-physician relationship has been established Q C. Duty to treat all patients with potentially life-threatening symptoms Q D. No duty to treat if another provider is readily available to see the patient Q E. No duty to treat when the patient's offensive or racist behavior violates hospital policy Submit A 19-month-old girl is brought to the emergency department after a seizure at home. Her mother says that her daughter became lethargic and flushed, then had a 2-minute tonic-clonic seizure that self-resolved. The patient has had 2 prior, similar presentations in the last 6 months, during which she has been admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit with extensive infectious, cardiac, and neurologic workups that were unrevealing; each time, she rapidly improved and returned to baseline within 24 hours of admission. On examination, her temperature is 38.3 C (100.9 F), blood pressure is 80/40 mm Hg, pulse is 162/min, and respirations are 26/min. The patient is arousable but falls back to sleep quickly. Her pupils are dilated, and she appears flushed. ECG reveals QRS prolongation. While evaluating the patient, the physician notices a prescription bottle for amitriptyline in the mother's purse. The medical team is suspicious of a toxidrome and orders a urine sample for an extended urine toxicology screen. Her mother becomes distressed, stating, "Why do you need her urine for a seizure? I want to see a neurologist right now to evaluate her for epilepsy." Which of the following is the most appropriate response? Q A. "I am concerned about your daughter and need to notify Child Protective Services. We can all discuss further testing when they get here." Q 8. "I suspect that someone may be intentionally hurting your child. Please allow us to do our evaluation or I will need to involve Child Protective Services." Q C. "Is there any chance your daughter could have gotten into the medication in your purse? We need to check her urine for any drugs that may have caused her seizure." Q D. "Seizures can happen for many reasons in children. Don't worry about it; we just want to make sure we're not missing anything." Q E. "The illness pattern that we're seeing can be consistent with child abuse. In the same way that we investigate other illnesses, we want to investigate this to keep your child safe." Submit A 37-year-old previously healthy man comes to the emergency department due to worsening cough and dyspnea for the past several days. Evaluation shows tachycardia, tachypnea, labored breathing, and hypoxemia on room air. Chest x-ray reveals diffuse bilateral interstitial infiltrates. The patient states he has had unprotected sex with multiple partners. He is not married and does not have any children. Rapid HIV testing is positive. The diagnosis is discussed with the patient, and hospital admission for treatment of hypoxic respiratory failure due to suspected Pneumocystis pneumonia is recommended. The patient agrees but does not want any of his family members to know about the HIV diagnosis. Which of the following is the best course of action? Q A. Accept the patient's decision and help him identify a surrogate decision-maker other than family Q B. Attempt to convince the patient to tell his family about the diagnosis Q C. Explain that his diagnosis cannot be concealed indefinitely and arrange a family meeting Q D. Respect the patient's wishes and offer that the physician team could make decisions if he becomes incapacitated Q E. Tell the patient that you must answer truthfully if his family insists on receiving information Submit A 43-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by the police after being found walking in the middle of a busy parking lot while talking to himself and shouting at passing cars. The patient is barefoot and disheveled. He is oriented to person and place but is unable to give a coherent history. He says, "I've been in a lot of hospitals, but I won't take any medication." The patient appears tense and agitated. When the nurse attempts to take vital signs, he refuses and pulls his arm away. He glares at the nurse and shouts, "All you do is experiment on people." Which of the following is the most appropriate next step in management of this patient? Q A. Administer intramuscular antipsychotic medication Q B. Calmly explain that he will be restrained to ensure his safety and that of the staff Q C. Inform the patient that security will be called if he cannot calm down Q D. Offer the patient something to eat and drink Submit A 24-year-old bicycle courier is brought to the emergency department after he was struck by a car. The patient was thrown approximately 6.1 m (20 ft) through the air and was initially unconscious when other eyewitnesses reached him. On arrival, blood pressure is 84/54 mm Hg, pulse is 130/min, and respirations are 28/min. Oxygen saturation is 88% on 100% oxygen via a nonrebreather mask. The patient appears extremely anxious and in respiratory distress. When he sees the trauma team preparing supplies for intubation, the patient says, "No, no tube!" However, soon afterward, the patient loses consciousness while resuscitative efforts and trauma survey examination are ongoing. Which of the following is the most appropriate course of action? Q A. Consult the medical ethics committee emergently Q B. Contact the next of kin and obtain surrogate consent for intubation Q C. Do not intubate the patient and document his verbal refusal Q D. Intubate the patient without obtaining consent Q E. Perform tracheostomy instead of orotracheal intubation Q F. Proceed with intubation and obtain retroactive consent after the patient recovers 